Awful. So bad. No YouTube Bad Choice. Worst ever. Horrible! Hated it. Over rated. not working Bad Quality. Low Quality. REALLY UGLY. Truly awful. dont buy it. What a waste. Design Flaw?. Don't buy it. AMAZON SUCKS. Does not fit. Bad Purchase. Poor product. Poor quality. Not worth it. Doesn't Work. disappointed. dont go here. Not my thing. Really bad. Not impressed. Piece of Junk. Was not happy. Disappointed!. disappointing. Does Not Work. Bad Reception. Lousy product. Service sucks. Won't go back. Mediocre food. Awful service. Again, lame. Absolutel junk. Waste of money. Horrible phone. Defective crap. Piece of trash. So just beware. Used and dirty. It just blew. Really awful. Don't do it!!!! What a mistake. It was packed!! Very, very sad. Fairly useless. Sending it back. Very Displeased. It was not good. He was terrible! I won't be back. Nothing special. I was mortified. I'm super pissd. Worst Thai ever. Not good at all! no habla espanol Mic Doesn't work. WORST PHONE EVER. A Disappointment. It's AGGRAVATING! It was horrible!. Poor Reliability. Never got it!!!!! It's just lame. It is shameful. It is not good. It's very slow. I think not again Never going back. Will not be back. Terrible service! Will not be back! Tasted like dirt. Disconnects often I didn’t order it worthless product. VERY DISAPPOINTED. doesn't last long. Waste of 13 bucks. Cumbersome design. Poor Construction. NOT WHAT I WANTED. Not enough volume. I paid too much. Not recommended. Crust is not good. Would not go back. I wouldn't return. Avoid at all cost! Waiter was a jerk. I was so insulted. I will not return. Total brunch fail. Very poor service. Not much features. The poor actors. Not a good bargain. Very disappointing. Poor sound quality. BT50 battery junk!. poor voice clarity. $50 Down the drain. Doesn't do the job. Just does not work. How stupid is that? I'm returning them. Painful on the ear. Wasted two hours. It was so BORING! How awful she is! The Burrittos Blah! Soggy and not good. This is a disgrace. I never come again. Worst martini ever! Dont trust this.... Doesn't hold charge. Freezes frequently4. Warning - Stay away. No real improvement. This is infuriating. Battery is terrible. Battery has no life. A bit predictable. It was horrendous. It's just painful! Nothing new there. And it was boring. Not easy to watch. Exceptionally bad! did not like at all. The service was meh. It was pretty gross! Service stinks here! I waited and waited. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME. Sauce was tasteless. Terrible management. I'm not eating here! Very bad Experience! Con: spotty service. But I don't like it. Sad joke. Worthless. Everything stinks. The acting sucked. This movie is BAD. What a waste of time! I want my money back. bad fit, way too big. what a disappointment Pretty piece of junk. Disapointing Results. It's A PIECE OF CRAP! Would not reccommend. Kind of flops around. Very disappointing. No plot whatsoever! Yes, it's that bad. Omit watching this. Avoid at all costs. Avoid at ALL costs! We'll never go again. It was probably dirt. Everything was gross. Left very frustrated. AN HOUR... seriously? Very disappointing!!! It was equally awful. The food wasn't good. It don’t show nothing The acting was bad. I Was Hoping for More. Soyo technology sucks. I'd like to return it. Its not user friendly. Stay Away From the Q!. Terrible phone holder. Couldn't figure it out Buttons are too small. Avoid, avoid, avoid! The food was terrible. I consider this theft. It was way over fried. We won't be returning. Hell no will I go back Alexa hardly came on.. The volume is very low Cheap and cheap sound. The dialogue sucked. Rating: 1 out of 10. Don't buy this product. We are sending it back. I'm a bit disappointed. Returned 8 hours later. Worst customer service. That company is a joke. WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!. don't waste your money. Phone falls out easily. Highly unrecommended. & That movie was bad. Wow, what a bad film. I thought it was bad. The management is rude. I give it 2 thumbs down Food was really boring. Not good for the money. I just wanted to leave. Weird vibe from owners. We won't be going back. Food was below average. It doesn’t always  work Extremely low in volume Either way, it sucks. Dont waste your money... Don't waste your money!. Poorly contstruct hinge. Were JERKS on the phone. Plug was the wrong size. It didn't charge for me. Again, no plot at all. The kids are annoying. there is no real plot. The lighting is awful. What a mistake that was! And then tragedy struck. Thoroughly disappointed! Appetite instantly gone. Alexa is pretty dumb ,,, Woa, talk about awful. The soundtrack sucked. What a big waste of time. poor quality and service. Even worse than Ticker! Why was this film made? Will never, ever go back. A greasy, unhealthy meal. AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT! Food was average at best. Won't ever go here again. This place is disgusting! Disappointing experience. This place lacked style!! Don't bother coming here. I was VERY disappointed!! I've already returned it. This movie is terrible. Do not waste your time. Disappointed with battery. Avoid this one if you can. Chinese Forgeries Abound!. Last time buying from you. It also had a new problem. Too politically correct. A truly, truly bad film. I hate movies like that. Everything is appalling. ) Don't waste your time. The warm beer didn't help. The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. The manager was the worst. Boy was that sucker dry!!. There was hardly any meat. Does not work all the time But it's just not funny. Camerawork - again, bad. Poor Talk Time Performance. useless phone, simply deaf. Unreliable - I'm giving up. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE. Not as good as I had hoped. It was a waste of my money. Having trouble with volume. Earbud piece breaks easily. This is not movie-making. I've had better atmosphere. Don't waste your time here. We will not be coming back. Spend your money elsewhere. Poor quality. Gave it away. It was just too horrible. The film is way too long. Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!. Worst Customer Service Ever. THAT one didn't work either. It's not what it says it is. Saggy, floppy piece of junk. Item Does Not Match Picture. it was a drive to get there. And it was way to expensive. After two I felt disgusting. The kids play area is NASTY! The dialogue is atrocious. Long, whiny and pointless. The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT! Please dont waste your money. DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS Horrible, horrible protector. The problem was the script. The story is beyond stupid. Even the squibs look awful. This was like the final blow! say bye bye to your tip lady! Waited and waited and waited. Do not waste your money here! This place deserves no stars. But then they came back cold. Used twice not working!!!!!!! Avoid at any and all costs. I only hear garbage for audio. The battery runs down quickly. The pleather case doesn't fit. Customer service was terrible. camera color balance is AWFUL. It doesn't make you look cool. Awkward to use and unreliable. Unfortunately it did not work. Not good enough for the price. Nothing at all to recommend. Filmiing was less expansive. My rating: just 3 out of 10. The worst one of the series. The service was a bit lacking. Would not recommend to others. Glad I didn't pay to see it. Lots of holes in the script. Dee Snider just plain sucks. Today the graphics are crap. Regrettably, the film fails. I was not happy with this item. Thank you for wasting my money. Battery lasts only a few hours. No buyers remorse on this one!. Very Dissapointing Performance. Don't bother - go to the store. It felt too light and "tinny.". I don't like this Nokia either. Not even good for camp value! The story line is just awful! I've never been treated so bad. The fried rice was dry as well. But the service was beyond bad. Unfortunately, it was not good. Food quality has been horrible. The service was extremely slow. The ambiance isn't much better. The acting is beyond abysmal. Then, there's the plot holes. Avoid this film at all costs. What a waste of money and time!. Its reception is very very poor. Internet is excrutiatingly slow. The plug did not work very well. don't waste your money and time. horrible, had to switch 3 times. Sprint charges for this service. I am sorry I made this purchase. Lasted one day and then blew up. I mean this in a terrible way. The lead man is charisma-free. There were too many close ups. Of course, the acting is blah. So bad...well...it's just bad. The visual effects were AWFUL. It will drive you barking mad! In a word, it is embarrassing. They dropped more than the ball. RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT. The desserts were a bit strange. Once your food arrives it's meh. The service was terrible though. And the drinks are WEAK, people! I cant figure out how to use it. Very intrusive, so I turn it off Audio Quality is poor, very poor. Don't waste your $$$ on this one. Rip off---- Over charge shipping. They refuse to refund or replace. You get what you pay for I guess. I could not recommend these more. THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!! I couldn't take them seriously. The film looks cheap and bland. The results, well, are a shame. The worst was the salmon sashimi. The only downside is the service. Strike 2, who wants to be rushed. I would not recommend this place. I will not be eating there again. The service here is fair at best. The RI style calamari was a joke. I came out of it feeling angry. The instruction manual is lacking. Don't make the same mistake I did. Very disappointed in AccessoryOne. It doesn't work in Europe or Asia. wont work right or atleast for me. The item received was Counterfeit. As I said above....PRETTY USELESS! The directing is sloppy at best. Everything about it is just bad. The script is a big flawed mess. DELETE this film from your mind! For service, I give them no stars. Went for lunch - service was slow. My girlfriend's veal was very bad. Didn't laugh or even smile once. Needless to say, I wasted my money. I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED! The buttons for on and off are bad. Could not get strong enough signal. Basically the service was very bad. Do not make the same mistake as me. First of all, it doesn't wear well. Excellent starter wireless headset. I'll be looking for a new earpiece. Sprint - terrible customer service. They work about 2 weeks then break. Don't buy this product - It fails!. I had to purchase a different case. Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory The script iswas there a script? Definitely not worth the $3 I paid. My gyro was basically lettuce only. Service was slow and not attentive. I probably would not go here again. Probably not in a hurry to go back. I was not impressed by this product. The replacement died in a few weeks. None of it works, just don't buy it. Talk about USELESS customer service. And none of the tones is acceptable. That was done in the second movie. As for the "mains," also uninspired. very tough and very short on flavor! This one is simply a disappointment. We won't be going back anytime soon! Overpriced for what you are getting. I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch. It is very slow compared to the echo It's like a bad two hour TV movie. The script is horrendously stupid. I wasn't the least bit interested. The concert sequences just sucked. Buy a different phone - but not this. Terrible product, and waste of money! I'm trying to return it for a refund. All in all, a great disappointment. Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked. One of the worst shows of all time. Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.) 2 times - Very Bad Customer Service ! The turkey and roast beef were bland. I dressed up to be treated so rudely! But now I was completely grossed out. I probably won't be coming back here. After 20 minutes wait, I got a table. NOT CONNECTED TO MY PHONE PLAYLIST :( Mishima is extremely uninteresting. Big Disappointment with calendar sync. The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds. Same problem as others have mentioned. stay away from this store, be careful. I cannot make calls at certain places. The directing seems too pretentious. This film has no redeeming features. Then the film just dropped the ball. Waitress was a little slow in service. The service was not up to par, either. Just don't know why they were so slow. Also the story and acting were weak. What the hell kind of crap is that?! Overall, this movie was cheap trash. I'm very disappointed with my decision. The BT headset was such a disapoinment. the phone was unusable and was not new. Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE. Very unreliable service from T-mobile ! I never walked out of a movie faster. The selection of food was not the best. I'd rather eat airline food, seriously. My friend did not like his Bloody Mary. Ordered burger rare came in we'll done. I probably won't be back, to be honest. This place should honestly be blown up. Worst food/service I've had in a while. The real disappointment was our waiter. the presentation of the food was awful. Now this is a movie I really dislike. I was very disappointed in the movie. The commercials are the most misleading. The ear buds only play music in one ear. The battery is completely useless to me. The battery life is highly unacceptable. Everything about this movie is stupid. It is zillion times away from reality. The budget was evidently very limited. Generally; it just lacked imagination. You can find better movies at youtube. None of them are engaging or exciting. The story line is totally predictable. The live music on Fridays totally blows. Which are small and not worth the price. I got food poisoning here at the buffet. I can't tell you how disappointed I was. The way the music sounds is poor quality Terrible. Stopped working after one day. Summary: The witticisms weren't witty. The construction of the headsets is poor. I found this product to be waaay too big. I wouldn't recommend buying this product. Reception is terrible and full of static. I would have given no star if I was able. All three broke within two months of use. Very much disappointed with this company. The movie is terribly boring in places. And the accents are absolutely abysmal! It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie. The film has an ultra-cheap look to it. Not tasty and the texture was just nasty. It's too bad the food is so damn generic. We waited for forty five minutes in vain. I took back my money and got outta there. What did bother me, was the slow service. It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger. I'm an Echo fan but this one did not work In short, don't bother with this movie. This movie totally grates on my nerves. This is definitely one of the bad ones. How can that be?The audio quality is poor. Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses. I would not recommend this item to anyone. However I needed some better instructions. Can't upload ringtones from a third party. Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster. Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery. i wouldnt see this movie again for free. It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'. The movie seemed a little slow at first. Must have been an off night at this place. The bus boy on the other hand was so rude. Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca. The service was poor and thats being nice. But I definitely would not eat here again. This place is horrible and way overpriced. It wasn't busy at all and now we know why. Spend your money and time some place else. The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed. I'll even say it again  this is torture. Final Word: This Show is a real torture!! This scene is very strong and unpleasant. Bad characters, bad story and bad acting. Horrible - don't waste your time and money. Never again will I be dining at this place! I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak. A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!! very slow at seating even with reservation. Not good by any stretch of the imagination. To call this movie a drama is ridiculous! I wasted my little money with this earpiece. They do not care about the consumer one bit. The plastic breaks really easy on this clip. Improper description.... I had to return it. Everything about this product is wrong.First [...] down the drain because of a weak snap! Very little music or anything to speak of. Regardless, the film fails on most levels. Lame would be the best way to describe it. What on earth is Irons doing in this film? Crostini that came with the salad was stale. The service here leaves a lot to be desired. There is nothing authentic about this place. the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever. Anyway, I do not think i will go back there. first time there and might just be the last. The service was terrible, food was mediocre. All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop. There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws. If there is a wind, it is completely useless. I bought two of them and neither will charge. This may be the only bad film he ever made. The least said about the acting the better. Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did. And the beans and rice were mediocre at best. I got home to see the driest damn wings ever! What happened next was pretty....off putting. This short film certainly pulls no punches. It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset. Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls. Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM. Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone. Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh! Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too. I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this? The death row scenes were entirely unmoving. What this film lacks is a convincing script. I'm still trying to get over how bad it was. Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho. not even a "hello, we will be right with you." The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted. If you are reading this please don't go there. I've had better bagels from the grocery store. Then our food came out, disappointment ensued. It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry. I was bored throughout the whole damn thing. This was a flick doomed from its conception. Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off. The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go. Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive. Cant get the software to work with my computer. There was NOTHING believable about it at all. An hour and a half I wish I could bring back. I wish I could enter negative values, admins? It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs. I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere. I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon. The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad. Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul. It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless. I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland. As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means. I'm not impressed with the concept or the food. And, quite honestly, often its not very good. Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy. It was forced, like everything in this movie. I literally vomited while watching this film. It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed. The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary. It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap. Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette. The jerky camera movements were also annoying. God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back! but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes. I can't believe there's even a sequel to this! Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this. I won't try going back there even if it's empty. We could not believe how dirty the oysters were! WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying. product turns on randomly and sometimes at night You could drive a semi truck into these holes! But even the talented Carrell can't save this. The story itself is just predictable and lazy. If you plan to use this in a car forget about it. The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome. Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer. My father has the V265, and the battery is dying. Adapter does not provide enough charging current. It was too predictable, even for a chick flick. The stories were as unbelievable as the actors. The football scenes at the end were perplexing. I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad. Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold. I dont think I will be back for a very long time. Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse. Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it. The place was not clean and the food oh so stale! Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish. for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food. I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore. Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom. Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron! It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it. product stopped working after return time ran out Graphics is far from the best part of the game. Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807. Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible. I've missed numerous calls because of this reason. Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is. The result is a film that just don't look right. This one just fails to create any real suspense. I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only. Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick. Needless to say, we will never be back here again. Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked? I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa. The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger. Overall I was not impressed and would not go back. The character developments also lacked in depth. Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?. Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should. It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device. If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means. It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk. The text messaging feature is really tricky to use. The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse. This was one of the worst films i have ever seen. This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas. This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food. I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected. Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki. I can take a little bad service but the food sucks. If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where. For the size of the screen this thing should be $25 No you tube wouldn't have bought it if I known that Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support. A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died. The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed. One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side. What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea... It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320. VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor. This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!! But this movie is definitely a below average rent. Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me! Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing. Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles. If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars. The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way. Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked. Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon. But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn... I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more. I wish I could return the unit and get back my money. Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear. none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly. The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone. The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low. If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is. I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad. The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time. So don't go there if you are looking for good food... This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver. Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed. Sound is terrible if u want good music too get a bose It is much more difficult to use than the Chromecast. Fast to load. But keeps rebooting  in middle of shows A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid. This would not even be good as a made for TV flick. The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked. sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone. I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting. This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon. This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding". The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong. The only place good for this film is in the garbage. The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well. It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad. Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater. Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up. Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it. My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless. Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small. I returnef this item because it does not speak Spanish After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden. So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation. What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone. Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie. 1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10. There is nothing privileged about working/eating there. My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm. The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated. Need to be able to connect to more 3rd party viceo apps Didn’t really work as smooth as they make it seem like. The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on. I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film. I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie. There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset. AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes. I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt. there are so many problems i dont know where to start. Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this? I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie. I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash. We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left. Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste. The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily. For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time! It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time. But what really made it unwatchable was the direction. And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork. Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i. Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV). Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now. So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing. The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking. Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas! I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked. I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way. Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines. I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone. I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie. The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather. this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's. Fire HD does so much more.  Over priced pair of speakers. I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess. Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet. I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work. Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service! You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once! Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible. Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely. Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review! -Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point. Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore). I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed. I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives. Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me. Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house. It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down. I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage. no it is broke and I can't get help fixing or replacing it Menu doesn’t work. Says it can’t connect to amazon network This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use. The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad. About half way through this film I started to dislike it. There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done. One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen. Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom. REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good. I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible. Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :( It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done. Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible. The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena. After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset. its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it. The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off. Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125. The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good. I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film". The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense. Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series. If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it. This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me! The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND. I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough. There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene. I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though. Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad. I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these. It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call. Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration. I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?" Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product. I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy. There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place. (It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold. For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed. She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted. I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day. This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food. I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed! I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful. After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert. Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films. The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally. This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand. The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast. Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture. There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit. It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason. In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release. I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair. Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries. The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading. Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked. The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue. Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED. The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months. This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made. They made this case too small and is very difficult to install. The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced. After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke. Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support. Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look. The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda). (very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment. I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off! In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience. The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us. I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed. It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor. The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it. Bought this for my son and it didn’t work. He had to return it. No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever. A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!! I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with. The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint. The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror. If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf. This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower. The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful. Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on. This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant. I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food. Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one. Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible. Unit came with the wrong plug, will have to send back to Amazon. Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it. When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick. I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery. I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me. Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working. I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately. Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design. We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing. I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake. Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period! Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy. It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign. No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie. Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse. I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone. I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it. I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason. The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked. ), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away. You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them. I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much. Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity. Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film. Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had. I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed. The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork. I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking. However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games. This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute. Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point. i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well. This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone. the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!! The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace. The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing. From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical! A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER. The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless. Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website! When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way. It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor. I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!! This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate. All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola. Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it. The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown. Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem. Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!! At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America. About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts. By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it. One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore. WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED. I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food. It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it. Works fine, I just realize I don’t need this because I don’t use it. Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters. But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go. Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch. But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it. The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service. As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens. Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would. The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used. Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it. This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise. you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor. I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product. Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits. The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy. Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon. My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing. The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked. wish it had a battery or was described better as a plug in only item. I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work. And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode. This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense. That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film. Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting. I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it. The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten. My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm. However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible. Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees. Get rid of the &#34;Thongs To Try&#34; screen!!!!!!!!!! Numb nuts!!!!! Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong. This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible. First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever. Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear. Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone. The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work. The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere. I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all. No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it. Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat. It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films. These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet. I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort. The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face. I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience. To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish. Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist. And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me. For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone. The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all. The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous. There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters. Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad! The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all. it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!. I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use. Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this. None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears. However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one. Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily. I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap. If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative! Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing. The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying. It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat. Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management. The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible. I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas. It's ok. The speaker is pretty terrible. Google home is a better product. Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid. I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume. i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it. I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q. I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever. It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen. End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen. However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good. There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak. I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone. I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare. The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap. However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons. All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money. Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register. We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order. The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none. After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods. Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting. too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place. A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad. Purchased to use on the road in my semi. Does not work in that application. It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality. Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone. Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap. Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset. A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design. It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed. I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it. Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable. This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created. the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style". las películas no tiene o no se pueden cambiar a español o títulos en español Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk. Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for. Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use. When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off. I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief! Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh! We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us. I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job. I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one. Very disappointed.  Alexa doesn’t hear me and doesn’t respond to my requests. Ordered 2 on deal day. 1 doesn’t work and 2 nd just went down after 2 days 😏 There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible. Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it! Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping. This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back. The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder. It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes. like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again." Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star. She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door. The second one which was a refurbished model did work-at least not in my home. Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!! My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this. You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered. Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful. But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S. This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life. Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes. Too difficult to set up.  It keeps timing out before you can enter the password You need a Harvard law degree to operate this thing! It's going back very soon! I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything. The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear. I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since. The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right. The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling. Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes. Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN! By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse. I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again. We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them. We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either. I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food. The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode. This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public. This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here. It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage. As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening. Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys. There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again. I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho. I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here! They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no! I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all". Product forces user to review Alexa Things to Try. There is no way to disable it. So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter. The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset. the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone. in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic. I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing. There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake. The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie. Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part. The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined. The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed. Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying. I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving. We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well. After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment! I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs. In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement. I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great. The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing. This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network. If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it. Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable. After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged. I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services. The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce. Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something! Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me! This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way. At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes. The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow. People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone. I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal. The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever. I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice. The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear. Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e. This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad. My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service. Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up. I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch. The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest. You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming. We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home. This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED! The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed. It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last. This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear. It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two. A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man. It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk. walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating. Stopped working after 2 weeks ,didn't follow commands!? Really fun when it was working? Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation. The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period. Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show. first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone. It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie. Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table. The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons. I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone! I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?! We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh. Invasive and scared the crap out of me for speaking when it was not spoken to! CREAPY AF He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else. You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly. This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in. This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first. This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone. However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up. Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in. My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything. This device does not interact with my home filled with Apple devices.  How disappointing! If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you! The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were. When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad. Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee. The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy. The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat. The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland. The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today. So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it. I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off. The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who. It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original. But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures. I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast. The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time. The sound on these is terrible. It’s like a tin can. I love my echo but this item is awful. The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks. I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk. Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script. At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy. Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late. No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it. To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted. Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless. I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again. AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS. My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5) If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing. My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside. I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on. His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing. It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this. ) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time. The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant. Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas. Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings. The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?" i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that? Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings. It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it. I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying. however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does. Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing. Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda. Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did! How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand! Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold. Doesn't use apple music.  It is worthless to me without it.  Sound quality on it is also poor. But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure. That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case). It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon. However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie. The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it. As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return. So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen! I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly! Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best. I switched to google. The amazon helper is more for shopping, and google is the tasks assistant. The tech isn’t there. It doesn’t understand most common words and is basically a glorified radio The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy. Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple. I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water. So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer. This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably. The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes. After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part. It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see. We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy. If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again. All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it. 1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2. I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers. the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen. if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre. I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr). Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out. But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom. The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced. Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE. I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine. The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either. received the wrong product...was so excited to install it ...all excitement gone. Thank you Amazon. The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets. This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture. I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it). Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down. Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player. The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film. The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing. Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is. Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back. I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place. Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh. My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too. I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs. The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again. During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars. There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before. All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core. Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic. I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place. If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you. Nope. Still a lot to be improved. For most of the things we ask.. It says.. Hmmmm.. I dont know that. Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying. I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone. Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off. I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great. Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain. The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew. The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors??? The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying. If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people. Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more. If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded. Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack. This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts. The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal. Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad. If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance. Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear. Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call. This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed. putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character. He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing. With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer. Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one. I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection. I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie! The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us. I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem. If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out. What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles? The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is. First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!! It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant. It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film. I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while. You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not. For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon. I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location. Great product but returning for new Alexa Dot.  Refurbished is already giving me problems with connection. One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard. Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player. This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films. If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible! Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing. I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer. I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place. Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it. I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected. The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this. Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3. I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid. It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs. In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense. Device was not working. Followed all instructions for Alexa echo dot and it did not come on. Very upsetting. I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear. This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying. The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place! Item no longer works after just 5 months of use. Will not connect to wifi and unresponsive to reset requests. His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted. I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again. When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides. The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time. The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old. In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all. This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life. If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one. I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear. This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere. The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer. Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks. The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits. cant seem to get this thing to sink with my wireless not sure If I will be returning it will try one more time. The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing. Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor. There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving. I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover. I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script. The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake! I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull. They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food. We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one! I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger. If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone. It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life. The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting. I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list. great product, but useless overall. Too many unnecessary features. Unless you have a smart home you don't need it On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen. If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset. The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty. The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed. Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show. We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste. I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack. If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart? It's got great sound and bass but it doesn't work all of the time. Its still hot or miss when it recognizes things Eh. It’s works on and off. Half the time it does not respond when you say wake up name. Other then that works fine It was supposed to come with a free Hue lightbulb on Amazon Prime Day.  No light bulb arrived.  False advertising! It still doesn’t work.  I bet if I call and let them know that, they will charge me for the 3rd time.  Ridiculous. You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short. Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model. It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem. IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these. In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film. seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00. We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting). It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is. He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests. The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for. Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back. The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best. Sent it back due to crackling noise and turning itself off and on - but what can you expect with a refurbished item? ALEXA IS NOT AS SMART AS SIRI! CANNOT CANCEL SNOOZE AFTER ALARM GOES OFF. HAVE TO CANCEL PRE-SET ALARM FOR WEEKDAYS. I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking. But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance. The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted. I haven't figured out how to make or receive calls.  Device tells me I need to register and I do not know what to do. I didn't like that almost everytime i asked Alexa a question she would say i dont know that or i havent learned that. Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount. I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season. To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus. Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through. Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables. The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12. The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu. 20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie. There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company. The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace. I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself. Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food. item returned for repair ,receivded item back from repair 07/23/18 . parts missing no power cord included.please advise At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies. All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes. He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas. !....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one! The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach. Echo Dot responds to us when we aren't even talking to it. I've unplugged it. It feels like it's &#34;spying&#34; on us. By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off. What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us. I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service. These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination. This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly. This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic. We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed. No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts. We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant. This Echo Dot is horrible. The volume on my phone is louder than than this device. My boss has one at this is not the case While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop. There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot. Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it. Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad. The echo dot disconnects from the speaker about 12-20 times a day. Do not buy the refurbished product.  2 stars for effort. It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere. You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs. Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with. On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop. We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything. After only a couple of days Alexa did not answer. I have disconnected and will see if it does any better after reconnecting. Thought it would be more powerful and have a lot more functionality. Not much better than the Echo dot. Not worth the money. It does not speak in Spanish,,,I bought it for my grandmother to have someone to talk to when I’m not around,,,,,no Spanish! For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does. But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost. It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap. He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep? I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic. However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up. Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked. I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine. The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes. The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently. The script is bad, very bad  it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie. This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere. The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see! I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor. Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD. Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round. It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell. I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense. Bought 2 and both quit connecting to wifi and responding to voice within 9 months. Hard and soft reset will not fix the problem. Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after. Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films. We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived. It worked for a month or so then it stopped. I've tried everything to try and make it work but nothing is working. I want a refund All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing. Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show. Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that... Always wanted one,till I got one, it's not at all what it's cracked up to be, it's hard to navigate I actually like the dot better. I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans. It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out. It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them. So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen. The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor. Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review. By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known. I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat. NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes). Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up. On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate. Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict. Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal. Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check. Ask it to play Motown radio on Pandora and it keeps asking if I want to add a salsa station. Motown isn’t close to salsa phonetically. You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action. The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative. I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning. This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless. I wanted to use it as a clock in our bedroom.  But the font is too small to see from any distance.  And apparently you can't change it. It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly. I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar. the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs. Was loving it but starting in June Hulu stopped working and crunchyroll doesn’t work either. Probably will switch to something else soon. I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food. And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell. The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing. If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen. Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!! Alexa didn’t know answers to many questions we asked. For example we asked how many cups in a pound and she said a pound is a form of money Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect. Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid. Two weeks after setting it up it no longer works.  No connection, no light, no sound.  I guess I shouldn't have purchased a refurbished Dot. I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence. But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it. I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie. And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors. Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed. The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc. I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway. I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck. Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc). My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it. The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them. Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things. Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data. My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!! I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off. The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks. The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution. It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG). Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too. This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things. Sound is terrible. Cannot pair with echo to play simultaneously.  Must upgrade to amazon music if you want to play more than one device at a time. Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick. a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait. Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil. I don’t like that it goes into sleep mode after 20-30 minutes of “inactivity”. I shouldn’t have to “wake up” the fire tv to finish watching a show. We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls. I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning. 1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING? It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy. The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds. Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening. The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables). I set up the Echo Dot and it worked for an hour and then died completely. DO NOT BUY refurbished!!!! I sent back for return the day after I received. How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong. Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them. Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age. The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before! Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on. This thing barely works. You have to select 3rd party apps to do stuff you'd think it could do out of the box. I'm sending mine back asap. Waste of money. I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there. I just think that it's to darn confusing. And there are parts that i would try and just wouldn't work. I just don't like it. Not what i thought it would be. Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow. Doesn't always respond when spoken to with promp word. I thought it would connect to my echo upstairs and use it like an intercom haven't been able to do that. The Echo does not link to Direct tv even though they said it would. I have spent multiple hours on this. Made phone calls and texts. Also is missing free bulb. Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep. It's like Siri, in fact, Siri answers more accurately then Alexa.  I don't see a real need for it in my household, though it was a good bargain on prime day deals. Product does not.  Light bar never went orange.  I googled it and reset instructions actually differ from package instructions. I tried both.  Product is defective If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time. All the new Amazon products I have are great everything I bought refurbished is complete garbage. I will never purchase Amazon refurbished again total dissatisfaction Honestly it's no different from the Echo dots I already own,  other then occasionally seeing the lyrics to a song I'm listening too i really don't see the difference. The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie. The alexa is awesome but when i rcieved the light buld i did not know that u need another adapter to have the light buld to work. I was not aware of that.  Disappointed He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money. This thing woke me up in the middle of the night saying “ready for setup”. It was already setup. Should be a simple thing to check  time before asking. Wife not happy... The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict. I am not tec smart enough to make it work at all. Will send it back if I cant get help. My eco dot works just fine. this is too complacated.I just wanted a bigger speaker. I wanted a white dot for my white bathroom.  The top is black as shown, which I knew, but I did not realize the cord and plug were also black. I wanted a white cord and plug. I would love this remote if i wasnt spending so much money replacing the batteries. Its upsetting that i spent money on such a great device all for the batteries not to last. One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much. This product is a complete waste of money. When you ask Alexa a question "she" either doesn't know the answer, gives you the wrong answer or finds information off of Wikipedia! Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk. It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess. The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself. This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times! I would love this but there is no way to stop the screen from constantly scrolling through “things to try”. If Amazon would make this a setting I would change my review to 5 stars. When you think about it this really doesn’t do much. Play music, answer stupid questions, finally it was able to hook up to thermostat. I can see why price is dropping like a rock. I returned 2 Echo Dots & am only getting refund for 1. I returned 2 in one package. I want my refunds for both of them. They are in the same package. Can you not see them both???!!! I’m very unhappy with this Firestick, every time we change programs or channels within a program there is a very long delay. We have 2 Roku’s That work just fine and are very quick. The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite. The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen. And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc. Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent. I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it. The sound quality is not that good, especially for the price that you pay for this. I would recommend to get the Echo Dot and buy a better speaker instead. Maybe Sonos and use the Echo dot. Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation. Honestly I like it but at the same time I don’t I could have bought a smaller one that did the exact same thing for less then half I bought it for the video chat and I have never really used it Haven't had it a week and already it cannot connect to my network. Tried reconnecting manually and the echo never appears in the list of devices to connect. It will be on it's way back to Amazon I liked it until on day after a year it no longer worked, would not power up  and go past the firestick  logo on tv. Bought a second one, will not buy a third if this one doesn't last longer.... Can't turn of &#34;things to try&#34; on the screen scroll. This  is a big promotion device for Amazon.  Packing it up and sending it back.  They really want to get in our heads.  Enough already. Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings. Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more. I bought this for myself and i didn’t realize it had to be plugged in just to work. It isn’t convenient to make them always have to connect to a wall. It should’ve been more clear when i bought it. Not all that happy. The speaker isn’t great and for some reason a lot of times when I play music it will start to make some weird noise and just stop. My son has a google home and it is much better The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good. I bought an echo dot that had been refurbished but its stops whatever function its performing quite often, doesn't wake up every time, randomly turns on but does nothing. Do not buy a refurbished Echo dot. Very bad this device, I don’t know if it’s because is refurbished or what but it activated by itself , nobody is talking and he just activated and start talking. When you talk you have to yell super lauded This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons. There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by. I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive. The product sounded the same as the emoji speaker from five below my sister has ... and even that one has Bluetooth and doesn’t need to be plugged in. The only good thing about this is that you can speak to it. But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable. I don't like how I cannot load my Hulu account, it is also very slow. I know it is not my Internet connection because I have an Xbox One that works just fine, but my Fire TV Stick takes forever to load anything. At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't. Item has never worked. Out of box it is broken. Spent several days trying to get it working and running same &#34;fixes&#34; from Amazon. The only thing accomplished is I will never order another refurbished device. I wanted to use this as a bedside clock with the ability to play music and podcasts. Sadly, it continuously scrolls the &#34;Things to try&#34; and won't stay on the clock face. Amazon is about to get this one back. My old amazon fire stick kept crashing when using Sling TV.I bought this one thinking the old one was defective.This one is doing the same thing. When going back into Sling, it starts up where I left off in the program. Garbage...Even trying to watch Amazon Prime Video this piece of garbage looses internet connection half way thru a show. The cheapest Roku works 100 time better. DO not waste your time or money on this piece of garbage. Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer. The first one quit working shortly after I got it. The next one becomes unresponsive to my voice at times and the only way to get it to work is through the app. I am not sure if it just this Dot or they are all this way. Not happy with the Spot.  Reset numerous times.  Seems to be in slow mode.  Have to be practically on top of it for it to hear me.  Even after talking with support I still do not have “themes” in the menu to choose from! There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene. Was excited to try this on my new Element TV.  Unfortunately even though my TV is 5 feet away from my router i get maddening disconnections and buffering.  Thought this little device was supposed to take care of that issue.  It didn’t! The only negative we have on this product is the terrible sound quality.  A massive difference from the Alexa.  Which to us was a big reason we wanted to purchase this.Won’t be buying another until the speaker and sound quality can improve. Never could get it to work. A techie friend looked at it for me and said the adapter wasn't strong enough to power it and that it looked like it had been bought at a dollar store. So, I am going to replace the adapter and hope it works then. However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was. The product is attractive and somewhat useful, BUT, Amazon chose to force users to view their “things to try” and Trending”.  This greatly depreciates the value of the product.  Do not buy unless you are willing to view a billboard from Amazon. To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) . About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words. The Firestick we were sent doesn’t work. At all.  Voice remote won’t even turn on. We did all the troubleshooting steps. Didn’t work. Contacted Amazon. They sent us a new one - with no remote/no way to control it! We gave up and got a Roku (which works great!) A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo. So far not impressed at all. Does not save groups correctly can not understand me most of the time I'm not sure what the excitement is all about. Alexas voice sounds like it's under water how am I supposed to understand!!!!I'm going to return and try a google home!!! The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain. If you want to listen to music and have it come through several of the Echo/Dot units simultaneously, YOU MUST PAY A MONTHLY FEE. I thought this was Amazon, not Apple??!! I’ve paid for many of these so I could have one in each room, is that not enough of my money??!!?? Very disappointed when we had to mandatory upgrade and when we final got done with the upload, we had lost our local Charlotte NC channels (which are pur news and weather also)  (CBS, NBC, ABC) and 2 days later was Amazon day with discounts on what we had JUST ordered. Initially, this echo dot worked very well. Over time, the dot stopped responding to 'alexa' unless you were within one foot of it yelling. The other echos/echo dots in other rooms would respond without a response from this echo dot. Would not recommend buying refurbished. As an echo its great, Good sound quality and functionality. As a smart home hub, it sucks. No automation, no geo-fencing, no music syncing for hue, no z-wave. All it does is turn things on with your voice. Ended up buying a smartthing hub and transferring everything over. This is the worst Amazon purchase I have made. I am big Amazon fan...love the brand...unlimited digital music...prime videos...even buy my online games, music, and movies through Amazon. This app I have tried to use it make simple purchases -- to do anything. It is useless. Had to return it as Hulu does not work on device.  It kept coming up with errors, and Hulu app not being able to open at times.  It was hit and miss, and at times, Hulu will stop working right in the middle of a show or movie.  Plus fire stick is very slow in opening the apps. The echo works fine but then you get indundated with &#34;Things to try&#34;. I am not a 10 year old that needs stimulus to tell me to do things. I found there is no way to turn this off except for .... turning off the screen. If I cannot find a suitable fix for this it goes back. I will never buy anything Amazon makes again!This fire stick is not even a year old and it does nothing but restart and freeze up constantly. No warranty from Amazon in this should have been my first clue that it was a horrible device. I will never buy anything built by Amazon again. The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards. There was something wrong with the first one that no even the rep I spoke with could fix. The replacement was registered to someone else. When the price of the Dot went down to $39.99 (same price as the refurbished ones), I bought a brand, spanking new one. No problem with the new one. This worked well for about 6 months but then stopped connecting to the internet (wifi) and none of the trouble shooting efforts worked.  Amazon customer service couldn't help further and told me warranty was only 3 months, which was very disappointing, so they weren't willing to replace. Seems to work ok, but no youtube tv?  Really?  can't believe they would ban an app that so many people want to use.  I really wanted to like it, but when I couldn't install that particular app it became almost useless, almost.  Does most other stuff just fine, but I'll stick with my Roku. Weak sound. Compared to the Google Home Mini the sound is bad. Also you need Prime to have a small selection of music and need prime music to play everything. Also if you get two you need prime family music to play music on both. I think it's lame that you need a family plan to use multiple devices. I love the product , but very disappointed once I  realized I can no longer play youtube videos.  I'm now past my 30 days return date.  I am realizing I now have an expensive alarm clock.  I am hoping youtube comes back.  I was looking to buy an echo show for the kitchen during prime day. Glad I didn't. Now I'm weary about these picking up conversations when you are not actively using them - heard about this happening on the news.  I have 3-4, so this is very concerning.  I wish Amazon would release something widespread  or push some firmware to prevent this.  If they have, I have not heard about it yet. I am not super impressed with Alexa. When my Prime lapsed, she wouldn't play anything. She isn't smart enough to differentiate among spotify accounts so we can't use it for that either. She randomly speaks up when nobody is talking to her. Just today I unplugged her...not sure I'll ever use my Alexa again. Returned from repair with No repair done. It has a problem which requires it to be on for a while for the defective part to show itself.I sent it for repair and got it back without being fixed.  The site gives no option to complain from the page.I have a echo spot which works perfectly in the same position. I’m still unable to connect any devices although it says it has a built in hub. So bought a bridge to connect the devices thinking that everything would sync and my other devices are still not discovered via my echo plus and I was looking forward to this feature. Being able to play music, check the weather etc is fine. The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity. It's not as good as Siri, BUT it still has some positives, it's great at playing music, and setting alarms. I personally felt that I paid too much for this product, as it was nearly half off on prime day (literally the day after I purchased it). So I'm pretty disappointed. I might still return it and get my money back. . I would not recommend this to anyone. It won't load netflix or if it does on rare occasion it won't run the program all the way thru. It tells you the we are unable to process this title at this time. Try again later.  It is not the Netflix site cause I can stream it just fine on my computer.  Its the Firestick. very disappointing. All of my echo devices stopped communicating properly with Sonos devices upon connecting the echo show to my account. Asking any echo device to play music on Sonos baffled the system that had previously worked flawlessly. This went on for two weeks until I eventually solved the problem that neither Amazon nor Sonos could figure out. Really disappointed Alexa has to be plug-in to wall socket all the time.  My fault for not checking this, but made the assumption that a company has technologically advanced as Amazon would sell this product with a rechargeable battery.  If I could return it, I would as my Apple music and boom speaker give me more flexibility the Alexa. I am having real difficulty working with the Echo Dot. Alexi is not very smart. 9 out of 10 questions I have asked I get the &#34;I'm not sure&#34;  Half the time I am still asking the question and Alexi is saying &#34;I'm not sure&#34;. The music is great and works well for that. All in All so far it's been a very frustrating experience. I reached out to Amazon, because the device wanted to sync my phone number but it would not allow because it said my number was already in use.  Customer service couldn't help they basically told me to contact Sprint to assist.  So Echo does the bare minimum without access to my phone for set up, so its kind of pointless to have and pay for. Can’t be used as a baby monitor which is why I had purchased it.  I didn’t realize this until I read the reviews on the Alexa skill for syncing the Nest Cam.  Considering all of the poor reviews and the fact that it should be simple to fix, surprised Amazon hasn’t upgraded the software to allow more than 39 minutes of viewing or alerts like you get on the Nest app. Stopped working after 7 months. The warranty was only good for 3 months. I would have assumed an amazon product sold on amazon would have had higher standards than guaranteeing that it would work for 3 whole months. I mean what is this product supposed to be, a piece of junk?They offered my a 15% discount if I wanted to buy another one. Why would I want to buy another one? Brought to replace one that I moved and doesn't have the same range as my previous (non refurbished) unit. It would seldom be able to find the Wi-Fi and couldn't connect. Got tired of hearing the message (&#34;trouble connecting...check the Alexa app...&#34;) and just unplugged it. I went through the troubleshooting and reconnected it several times, it's just not as strong. It's like having another kid in the house; I have to constantly repeat myself.I can tell Alexa to do something clear as day, and according to the history, she hears something comeletely different.The device is really cool, and I like the concept, which is why it gets two stars. However, it just doesn't work as intended.I find myself irritated more often than not when I use this device. I have been through 4 Shows now.  And ALL OF THEM HAVE BEEN BROKEN.  It has been anything from screens that lose lines of resolution to timers and reminders going off an hour late or reminders that trigger when trying to set other reminders.  I don't have these issues on my Dot or my Echo.  Just on the Show.  It would be nice if Amazon could get there act together and actually fix this thing. Great product and I would give 5 stars - but you can't scroll face cards without having the stupid &#34;try and ask Alexa&#34; suggestions pop up.  Yes you can have it scroll once, and just stay on the clock, but I like having other cards as well. God its the worst and SO irritating.  I got it super cheap, so i just face the screen toward the wall and treat it like a Dot instead of a Spot.  What a dumb move on Amazons part. Great product EXCEPT there is no possible way for it to act as a clock the displays the time PERMANENTLY.  When in 'Clock' mode, the screen rotates between the clock face and a 'Things to Try' screen.  I intended on buying several units for my house, but I do not need a screen in the house that is permanently trying to upset me.  Acting as clock should be a BASIC feature of the Echo Spot.  How could you get this wrong, Amazon??  #FAIL It's constantly buffering, to the point where you can't watch anything without interruption. I purchased on Prime Day plus I used rewards to pay for it, so in the end I paid next to nothing. If I had paid full price for it I might want my money back. We stopped trying to use it and went back to our old streaming device. I know our internet service is not the issue because we do not have this problem with any other devices that we stream from. I am quite disappointed by this product.There clearly is a bug: half of the time I ask for a newsflash, two second after it starts, the whole thing stops and reboots for a couple of minutes. Same goes when I ask to play the radio. Also, many times it get confused when I ask to switch of &#34;the lights&#34;...as other items are also named the same, which is not true. Clearly no AI or natural language, very 'beta' stage still for me. Not impressed! I'm sure the Echo is as cool as everyone says....but I won't get to try this one. Even though I have a Large covered porch.....the package was left on my top step on a day forecast for 100% chance of rain.....and rain it did, soaking the package. I'm not even going to open it and see how bad the damage is. This order has been cursed from the beginning. Ordered as a Birthday Gift and Delivery was not made on scheduled day. Now I get it, and its rain-soaked. Do not understand all the excitement over these alexa devices or the google ones either.  It rarely gets what I say correct, does not control the Dish receiver.  Yes I set it up correctly, using the alexa app on my phone.  We got this for 129,  which is a good deal, ti is definately not worth the 229 price though.  Maybe in another month it will get better, or either I have one that is just deaf and dumb.  Really can not recommend this item at the current time I am so disappointed in this product.  I tried to install two different units and neither one of them were successfully completed.  Hours with Amazon technicians.. resetting each of them.  The app didn't connect the Echo Plus to the internet connection.  Tried using the application on a phone, a tablet and on a Chromebook... No luck.  There are no clean directions on the application.  Probably sending this back to Amazon..mark this as Not ready for prime time. The echo part works fine.  The hue hub is a disaster.  It worked for a few months and then nothing.  I spent 2 hours on the phone with tech support one =y to have to send it in for repair.  I am now trying to reconnect my lights.  What a pain.  I am having to reset each light bulb.  It can take up to 5 times to get it to reset.  I have spent hours on this.  I will say customer service was friendly and tried to be helpful.  Stick with the echo and smart plugs for lamps. 