ok Fun Cool Love Nice Good Like Great Love it Amazing Perfect Great!! It good Awesome Terrific the best Love it. It works Workreat Like new Very.god Amazing! It’s fun Awesome! Personal Is good. Loved it! I like it Divertido Love this Excellent Very good Great hub Loved it. Setting up Good Value Everything Liked 100% Works good of course! Thumbs up! Love this! no problem I’m amazed Great buy! Very cool! I love it. It’s great Works well Love it!!! Perfect!!! Very happy Good shape Was a gift Loved them PHENOMENAL Good price. Nice Sound. Works well. WORTHWHILE. Good case!. Works fine. Excellent!. cool phone. Works good. DELICIOUS!! I LOVED it! Great food. Both great! looks great Clear music We enjoy it plays great I love it!! great sound Good as new A great buy Same as new No problems Very useful Works great Love these! Easy set up My new BFF! Easy to use Prime video Super good! Second dot. as expected Good device Great Value. Incredible!. Works great. Great Phone. Easy to use. I'm pleased. Brilliant!   Good prices. A good time! It’s awesome Works fine!! Love my Echo Works great! Works great. Es perfecto. Fun tech toy Great device love my spot Easy to use! The greatest easy to use. I love it!!! I like Alexa Cord cutting Ease of use. Ease of use! Good product LOVE IT!!!!! Nice product Very pleased Love the dot Works great!. Great choice! Great audio!. Great phone!. fast service. Magical Help. Good Quality. Works for me. nice leather. I liked it.   VERY funny!   Go rent it.   Sooooo good!! Check it out. 2 Thumbs Up!! Love my Echo! I LIKE IT ALL Love our echo Still love it Sound quality Entertainment I Love it!!!! Just like new Great product Echo is good. I love Alexa! Its very nice love the spot great love it Good product. Works perfect We love this. Ease of usage Up dated news Not impressed Son loves it. Better sound.  I love it.   Worked great!. Great charger. Great Product. Happy so far!. Go watch it!   A great touch. No complaints! Nice ambiance. So far so good A great device Works awesome! Worked perfect great product! It was perfect so far just ok Great product. It works great awesome device It was a gift. Amazing device Great Purchase Easy to set up Access to apps beyond awesome Really like it Great movie!   Great Earpiece. awesome device. This PDA rocks. I am very happy I enjoyed it.   Fantastic food! It was awesome. Amazing product Easy to set up. Works perfectly Nice product A+ So far so good. really like it, Omg we love it! Sound is better Easy to install need a few more I love it!!!!!! Awesome product Great, love it! Very convenient So Far So Good!. Very good phone. Excellent Phone. Love This Phone. Better Than New. Crisp and Clear. I gave it a 10   Don't miss it.   GO AND SEE IT!   Extremely Tasty! Damn good steak. Amazing paroduct Very easy setup. Works just fine. We all love her! I love love it ! Nice works great Starting my day! It is fantastic. Great , love it. Love, Love, Love Love this device Awesome product! Netflix and Hulu Fun to play with very good option Family loved it! Work pretty well It's alright.... It works great!! That was nice.   The mic is great. Made very sturdy. Absolutely great. Great price also! Worked perfectly! VERY comfortable. IT'S REALLY EASY. Very easy to use. THey are so cool! Great bluetooth!. Great price, too! It's pretty easy. SWEETEST PHONE!!! It Was So Cool.   The food is good. Very good quality Absolutely love!! But not very loud Love the echo dot i love everything works as promised Husband loves it! Love all of it!!! It works perfect! Works as expected Very easy to use. Great buy at $20! Worth every cent. 3rd Dot. Love it! Still learning it That was funny.   You'll love it!   I love this thing! Love this product. Gets the job done. Worth every penny. It's a great item. Love this headset! Price is good too. WELL IM SATISFIED. Clear crisp sound. Good , works fine. Excellent product. The food, amazing. So they performed. This place has it! Interesting decor. Great brunch spot. I love this place. Very good, though! Love, Love, Love!! I love you so much like google better Home entertainment Like it to do more everything perfect I love you, Alexa! Works as expected! Perfect condition! Love my Echo Spot! Hands free control Love the echo show Video calls to Mom Really easy to use Love my echo show! Fairly easy to use Exchange new color We love everything Absolutely love it Works wonderfully. Works really well. I loved everything Good wifi TV stick I really like it . Set up is so easy. is pretty funny.   This game rocks.   It was so funny.   I love this device. Good audio quality. I love this phone!. Works as described. These are fabulous! Just what I wanted. It looks very nice. Good show, Samsung. It is a joy to use. The cast is good.   A standout scene.   Simply beautiful.   Highly recommended. Will be back again! this place is good. Very very fun chef. Good Service-check! It was delicious!!! Food was so gooodd. We loved the place. Food was delicious! Eclectic selection. Works as advertised speaker sounds good Glad I bought this. Worked as promised. Absolutely love it! Absolutly love it ! Love my echo dot!!! Love, love, LOVE!!! Home entertainment. Love this product!! Works like a charm! Great entertainment This is pretty cool Works like a champ. Needs to be smarter Convenient and fun. Works like a charm. Great for iPODs too. Good transmit audio. It worked very well. Very prompt service. Fantastic earphones. Nice solid keyboard. You won't regret it! Its a total package. Very wind-resistant. Krussel Always good. Perfect for the PS3. Really good product. Brilliance indeed.   Very friendly staff. You can't beat that. He deserves 5 stars. I'd love to go back. Great pork sandwich. How awesome is that. Ambience is perfect. They were excellent. Arrived as expected. easy to use--amazing Love it!  Great fun! Purchased as a gift, Working good so far. Great Prime Day Buy! Easy setup  Love it! I love my echo spot! Excellent purchase!! I love love love it. I LOVE my Firestick. I love my fire stick Excellent product !! Fun To interact with Usual reliable Alexa Alexa is phenomenal! I have a friend now. Definitely a bargain. W810i is just SUPERB. good item, low price. This is a great deal. Great case and price! Better than expected. It was a great phone. Five star Plus, plus. I would recommend it. Best headset ever!!!. the cast was great.   Overall, a delight!   10 out of 10 stars.   You wont regret it!   Service is also cute. The portion was huge! Food arrived quickly! Bacon is hella salty. Very good lunch spot. Pretty awesome place. This is a good joint. Good sound works well Versatile and fun !!! Great! Just like new! Exactly as advertised I love the echo spot! Love my new Echo Plus Better than expected! Great and easy to use I love my fire stick! Powerful little stick works good, ni issues Works like a charm... Love it! Very helpful my new best friend :) Music, weather, time. Totally believable.   Great for the jawbone. The phone loads super! I love this bluetooth! Exactly what I wanted. Portable and it works. A pretty good product. I really liked that.   I rather enjoyed it.   Penne vodka excellent! It is worth the drive. This place is amazing! Service was fantastic. The block was amazing. Go To Place for Gyros. Sure did !! Love it !! Works absolutely great I love it pretty cool. Awesome. I love Alexa. Granddaughter loves it It’s amazing I love it We love our Echo Show! Great sound and video! Glad I upgraded my aka Love it it's number 4! It has a nice speaker. Awesome!! Loving Alexa I love my echo plus!!! Enjoying it so much!!! So far no major issues Haven't used it enough Easy to use and setup. Great streaming device Worked as advertised ! Love it so easy to use Absolutely love it!!!! Its was easy to set up The ease in installing This phone works great. I would recommend this. Has been working great. This is a great phone!. Comfortable in my hand. Give this one a look.   It is a true classic.   Highly recommended A+   Excellent short film.   Omelets are to die for! Nice, spicy and tender. Fantastic service here. Great Pizza and Salads! The food was very good. Great service and food. Reasonably priced also! An absolute must visit! Just like the other one This device is awesome! Works and sounds great. I love having an Alexa! Purchased for grandson. Love it.  Great product The ease to use product Love my Amazon products The Echo Spot is great! Great deal on prime day Awesome cute and smart! I love it it is awesome No enough video options These things are great! Good smart home gadget. Bought it for my mother Easy to set up and use, Does everything I need! Love it love it love it Easy to set up and use. I love my amazon sticks It worked as a charmed. I am in love with alexa It is an insane game.   It's PURE BRILLIANCE.   Very good quality though !I definitly recommend!! Great sound and service. Excellent sound quality. Nice design and quality. Great Hands Free Device. Great product and price. The battery works great! Razr Battery - Good buy. Blue Ant is easy to use. Love it.. Great armband. Excellent performance.   Wow... Loved this place. Service was very prompt. Best breakfast buffet!!! Plus, it's only 8 bucks. Pretty cool I would say. They have great dinners. We loved the biscuits!!! So absolutley fantastic. I can't wait to go back. will definitely be back! Just what I expected.... Love it, love it!!!!!!!! Works great ..good sound goes great with our echo I love my new Echo Spot! Quick and easy to set up Bought this on Prime day Nice toy to have around! Exceeded my expectations Easy to install and use. Good but it’s pretty low Best purchase this year. Kids love it! I love it! Its Great. Lots Of Fun!! I like almost everything It has kept up very well. Better than you'd expect. The delivery was on time. I am glad I purchased it. Setup went very smoothly. Very satisifed with that. Beautiful styling though. I rate this movie 9/10.   The fries were great too. I was seated immediately. Waitress was good though! Love the margaritas, too! Awesome service and food. I love it, wife hates it. Sounds great!! Love them! She doesn’t always listen awesome thing, love Alexa I love it works very well Great product. Works well I loved it it works great Gift for husband.  Great! very nice-needs some work it does what it needs to. Using as a hub and music. Works great. Easy set up. Thank you! Great Product! works like any other one! I love how compact it is. As Always, easy to set up Perfect for a home office Babie Bop is very cute.   Nice headset priced right. This case seems well made. This is a beautiful phone. EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!. Excellent hands free tool. Battery life is real good. Good product, good seller. The design is very good.4. 2 thumbs up to this seller Would recommend this item. Conclusion - I loved it.   You won't be disappointed. Good food , good service . It was absolutely amazing. Awesome selection of beer. How easy if was to set up. Love it!! Great product!!! Listen music and set timer See subject line.  Love it Amazon doesn't disappoint. Love it!  Works perfectly! Great deal, great product! Easy to use easy to set up Can’t change voice of Echo This is very user friendly I absolutely love my Show! Love the music the stories Easy to use and fast setup Alarm, calendar, reminders My son loves his Echo Dot. Easy to set-up and to use. It deserves strong love.   Good case, Excellent value. Will order from them again! And I just love the colors! You'll love how thin it is. The reception is excellent! Battery life is also great! Jawbone Era is awesome too! Looks great and is strong." Battery is holding up well. lightweight and works well. Her role was played well.   This is a stunning movie.   Raw and sublimely moving.   He's a national treasure.   This movie is so awesome!   Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).   Their chow mein is so good! Will go back next trip out. Best tacos in town by far!! Those burgers were amazing. The atmosphere here is fun. I'm so happy to be here!!!" The nachos are a MUST HAVE! awesome.understands my kids Great Product fast shipping like new, good refurbishing I can't live without Alexa. we like it. very convenient Love it. So great to use!!! Works as described.  A+++++ I think it can read my mind Met every expectation I had Wish there were more skills works better than I thought Love the light bulb feature Love this! So many options! Satisfied with the purchase Easy set up, works perfect. I LOVE ALEXA!! SHE ROCKS!!! Great product, fun to use!! I'm addicted to this thing. Nice little unit  no issues She's poised and amazing.   Ray Charles is legendary.   Yet, I enjoy watching it.   Excellent bluetooth headset. This is a great little item. It has been a winner for us. Reversible plug works great. The best phone in market :). Awsome Device Works Great!!. great...no problems at all!. This fixes all the problems. This is an excellent film.   See both films if you can.   The shrimp tender and moist. OMG, the food was delicioso! The ambiance was incredible. The bartender was also nice. Overall, a great experience. We are loving Ours very much Fast shipping and works well Worked as advertised. Thanks Is great having a new friend I love it, in my living room Easy to set up; Easy to use! best bluetooth on the market. Comfort for our whole family. Very happy with this product. Great software for Motorolas. very good product, well made. Great product for the price!. jabra ear gels "R" the best!. I highly recommend this case. This is just a great movie.   She carries the movie well.   I really enjoyed eating here. Wow very spicy but delicious. Waitress was sweet and funny. The staff was very attentive. After one bite, I was hooked. Cute, quaint, simple, honest. This is a GREAT place to eat! I love it. It does everything Great product and works great Not bad bad speaker for sound I like the whole thing so far Easy setup and sound quality. I really love the hub feature Es  excelente funciona genial This firestick is everything! Easy setup, works flawlessly! so far, so good, works great. Great product and easy to use HANDY AS HELL 10/10 RECOMMEND I will never forget it now.   The kids are very cool too.   It has all the features I want Great product, fast shipping!. Very good stuff for the price. I would highly recommend this. Keep up the good work Amazon!! The transfers are very good.   You won't forget this movie!   A great way to finish a great. Service is quick and friendly. Everything was good and tasty! The pizza selections are good. Fun to use, good sound quality The speaker sounds really good Easy set up very user friendly I like everything about it !!! Enjoyed entire echo experience it works good.  very satisfied Alexa's sister (my second dot) Blue light blinks all the time Good sometimes can’t hear well Love it. Small with good sound Nice upgrade from an Echo Dot. Love this. So glad I purchased I love it. It does everything. Wish I bought one for work too Clear screen and great picture Love everything about this.... Ummm... TV like everyone else. I liked it was linked to prime Very impressed.  Simple to use Does not work with you tube tv The speaker could be better... It plays music that I request. Luv it.  It's a great product. Speaker could be better qualty A film not easily forgotten.   And the sound quality is great. Very pleased with this headset. I great reception all the time. Excellent dual-purpose headset. This movie is also revealing.   ;) Recommend with confidence!   Ample portions and good prices. All the bread is made in-house! Pretty good beer selection too. I will be back many times soon. CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. Great food and awesome service! And service was super friendly. Great sound and easy to set up. You’re all I need...na na nana! Love it!  So do the grandkids!! bought for my wife she loves it Great addition to my Echo Plus! It works great and sounds good! Sound quality is disappointing. It doesn’t play you tube videos Wonderful product.  Love alexia So easy to use, non-stop music! WooHoo! $20 on Prime Day; done! I love it . Easy set up as well Great product at a great price. Alarm,bed time story, universal love it as I do all of my echos Very satisfied with the product Gave as a gift - they loved it. small footprint.  nice clarity. Works great and easy to set up! Does what I expected, and more. Voice recognition is tremendous! Superb Phone on a Great Network. Good product - incredible value. Protects the phone on all sides. Excellent product for the price. The noise shield is incrediable. Product is exactly as described. Definitely worth checking out.   It even has its sweet moments.   This is an extraordinary film.   I loved the bacon wrapped dates. This is an unbelievable BARGAIN! They know how to make them here. I hope this place sticks around. Nargile - I think you are great. We enjoy their pizza and brunch. If you haven't gone here GO NOW! I promise they won't disappoint. A fantastic neighborhood gem !!! We definately enjoyed ourselves. Seriously killer hot chai latte. Alexa is amazing! Great speaker. Does everything I have asked it. I love it.  It is so easy to use It’s very smart and sweet design Very pleasedSimple to figure out fun so far. learning to use her. Upgraded from echo to echo show. I enjoy this thing. Its learning quite nice...clear, great sound. I love it best gift I got myself Great product. So many features. amazon fire stick is amazing !!! Just got my third one. Love them Love it... can't stop using it.. Totally gets out sense of humour It’s easier to do things with it Waste your money on this game.   Hitchcock is a great director.   Excellent wallet type phone case. New Battery works great in phone. Thank you for such great service. Its the best headset I have used. Overall, I like this place a lot. The waitresses are very friendly. Service is friendly and inviting. Owner's are really great people.! Def coming back to bowl next time I'll definitely be in soon again. Best tater tots in the southwest. It was just not a fun experience. What a great double cheeseburger! Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing. The jalapeno bacon is soooo good. This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The food came out at a good pace. Great sound from a little speaker Good quality, great sound quality Perfect condition! I love my echo Simple set up.  Music everywhere. Love it just as good as a new one Very puny sound, but works great. Adding more rooms for convenience This echo spot is great I love it very nice gadget. love it's look. Am very happy now that i can see. Love the speakers and the screen. Works great in my large open room Very easy to set up, great sound. Love all the cool thing I can do! It's my second one and works well Im able to connect to prime quick Plenty of options to choose from! its okay but keeps dropping wifi! Great to have along with the Echo Great price.  I love my echo dot, Love the echo dot it’s amaxing!!! So far all.i can say is I love it It works just like my other Dots. I sat riveted to the TV screen.   It is very comfortable on the ear. )Setup couldn't have been simpler. Iam very pleased with my purchase. My headset works just peachy-keen. Simple, lightweight and great fit. One of my favorite purchases ever. Linked to my phone without effort. Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell. You can't beat the price on these. It is simple to use and I like it. Battery charge-life is quite long. So far it has worked like a charm. I liked this movie way too much.   But this movie really got to me.   A good film by a great director!   I advise you to look out for it.   I loved it, it was really scary.   It's a sad movie, but very good.   My friend loved the salmon tartar. It's worth driving up from Tucson! Generous portions and great taste. Their steaks are 100% recommended! Great place fo take out or eat in. Very good food, great atmosphere.1 Works great, never had any issues. Love these guys they work so great Is great. Use it for music mostly. Very helpful with daily activities Works well and was easy to set up. The best thing since sliced bread! Very excited to see what it can do It's great sound and video quality I like the design and the visuals! The ase of participating with Echo great sound easy set up looks cool it does everything that it offers. Awesome product more than expected Good speaker for bedroom or office Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy. An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!. We would recommend these to others. Mobile Phone Tools are a must have. The phone is sturdy and waterproof. Does everything it should and more. #1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable. Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!. Also makes it easier to hold on to. A great film by a great director.   An excellent performance from Ms.   And I really did find them funny.   Now you know why I gave it a 10+!   I'll give this film 10 out of 10!   The aerial scenes were well-done.   Predictable, but not a bad watch.   I have recommended it to friends.   I keep watching it over and over.   Lange had become a great actress.   It looked like a wonderful story.   We'd definitely go back here again. We are so glad we found this place. Always a great time at Dos Gringos! Everything was fresh and delicious! The Jamaican mojitos are delicious. Now this dish was quite flavourful. Best fish I've ever had in my life! They have a really nice atmosphere. I love their fries and their beans. Always a pleasure dealing with him. Works great! Perfect for my office! This is our 2nd one and we love it! Worked like new.  Will do it again. New to Alexa. Like this spot a lot. Awesome item that I had to buy two! Well-made product.Echo Spot - White amazing product with amazing sound! Being able to tell it what to go to Works beautifully, excellent sound. Alexander Nevsky is a great film.   His performance is simply genius.   Great Pocket PC / phone combination. This one works and was priced right. I am also very happy with the price. Timely shipment and quality product. For the price this was a great deal. Nice case, feels good in your hands. It was quite comfortable in the ear. Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!. And those baby owls were adorable.   Highly entertaining at all angles.   There is a brilliant twist ending.   For that, it's worth checking out.   Seriously flavorful delights, folks. I did not expect this to be so good! Everyone is treated equally special. We were promptly greeted and seated. The Macarons here are insanely good. I had a pretty satifying experience. This place was such a nice surprise! Great device, responsive and helpful It's Alexa.... what else can you say wonderful product and fast delivery! Love my Echo great sound very smart! Very easy set up. Really enjoying it Never would know it was refurbished. No issues...works and looks great!!! Arrived on time and works amazing!!! works great.. nice sound and picture I use this to control my smart home. Works great and has been fun to use. Good product I like it . Thank you ! It was perfect.  Works like a charm. as of now,i love everything about it It does everything  the big guy does I loved it does exactly what it says It is a really good show to watch.   Anne Heche was utterly convincing.   great headset, very impressed - H500. I'm still infatuated with this phone. This battery is an excellent bargain! I'd advise anyone to go and see it.   This is such a fun and funny movie.   This is high adventure at its best.   There still are good actors around!   My first visit to Hiro was a delight! Both of the egg rolls were fantastic. 5 stars for the brick oven bread app! Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed! definitely will come back here again. If you're not familiar, check it out. Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually. I had strawberry tea, which was good. This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot. Love Alexa, bought others for friends Does everything as expected and more. Our family really loves this new Echo The simplicity of use and setting up. Best looking Echo device. Easy to use I used it as an alarm clock  i lov it Highly like my eco show.no complaints Sound very nice perfect for the price Love it. Many stations to choose from Very intelligent, love the songs .... neat tool we enjoy it with the family Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.   Up there with the best of Melville.   There is a lot of beautiful places.   Nice docking station for home or work. Great for using with your home stereo. Someone shouldve invented this sooner. I would highly recommend this product. The reception has been generally good. The shipping time was also very quick! :-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine. This is actually a very smart movie.   This movie has a cutting edge to it.   The rest of the cast also play well.   But it is entertaining, nonetheless.   Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.   Fans of the genre will be in heaven.   Phenomenal food, service and ambiance. Food was great and so was the serivce! This place is two thumbs up....way up. Good value, great food, great service. They were golden-crispy and delicious. I am impressed with the sound quality. Like, all types of fun,music, and more We have five of them. Need I say more? Love it. Though, wish it was portable. I got this for my mom . She loves it ! Fantastic product, absolutely love it! I really love this item!  So much fun! I agree ...YouTube should be on there. Love seeing everything in the display! sounds great have not used the hub yet A great product.  I would buy another. Awesome, wish I had gotten one sooner. It was easy to use for our bedroom TV. I am very pleased with the Fire Stick. I love my fire stick thank you so much Small size works great in our sunroom. Like having the music where ever I am. love it...just like the other 4 I own. Great product - understands my accent! Barney is definitely super DE duper.   Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.   Now I know that I made a wise decision. Those phones are working just fine now. I am more than happy with this product. The sound quality is excellent as well. My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.   Also great directing and photography.   But I thought his acting was skilled.   Meredith M was better than all right.   Think of the film being like a dream.   I had a seriously solid breakfast here. I would recommend saving room for this! All of the tapas dishes were delicious! The patio seating was very comfortable. I can say that the desserts were yummy. Very easy to set up and have no issues. Bought this for my son and he loves it. Just like new, set-up was quick & easy. Working great and my daughter loves it! My 2nd one and I use them all the time. Speakers are not as loud as Google Home Love it. Thanks Amazon. You guys rock!! Super easy set up! Great features! FUN! Is amazing I have all 3 and I love this I love it.  You own personal secretary. I try use with yale lock but isn’t work Well behaved device that i enjoy using. So awesome to bring my older tv to life Love this wished I had gotten it sooner Firestick easy to use and I enjoyed it. Wish volume was capable of going louder Love my echo dot easy to use and set up I enjoy it. Still discovering new uses. Easy to set up Ready to use in minutes. I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.   Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.   Really pleased with this product so far. I love all the features and form factor. It definitely was not as good as my S11. I especially love the long battery life. The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well. My sister has one also and she loves it. much better than the hard plastic cases. She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!   The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite. This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER. Delicious and I will absolutely be back! Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal. The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty. Love it. It's like having a second wife. Its got to be one of the coolest things. Music. News. Shopping list. Jokes. Games very nice and its does not take up space This is our first Alexa.... we love it!! Alexa us funny and enjoyable. Nice sound I love the Alexa remote and easy to use. very easy to set up and very easy to use It's like having your tv as a big tablet Alarm and music, information the weather Excellent. Bought another one yesterday! It’s great but sound quality is very low Love it. Added it to an upstairs bedroom O my gosh the best phone I have ever had. Works like a charm.. Works as advertised. I don't think you will be disappointed.   The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.   ) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!   If you want a real scare rent this one!   The waitress and manager are so friendly. Give it a try, you will be happy you did. These were so good we ordered them twice. Love this just wish it had a built in hub From such a small speaker it sounds great I think the dot listens better than spot. Super fun !! I ty is what I was expecting Amazing for all your entertainment needs! I live alone, this is the best companion! Use the product for music and it’s great! Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy.. Light weight, I hardly notice it is there. I received it quickly and it works great!! We have gotten a lot of compliments on it. Restored my phone to like new performance. I wear glasses and it fits fine with them. It fits my ear well and is comfortable on. Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.   All of the main players are mesmerising.   I just saw this film and I recommend it.   Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.   All in all, I can assure you I'll be back. Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant! As for the service, I thought it was good. Never had anything to complain about here. The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist. Speaker is better than 1st generation Echo Very amazing product. Great sound quality. Works great no different than the new ones Looks and performs as new.  No complaints! Amazing so far. Just got it the other day. Love my spot, it now acts as my new alarm. Great product and fast shipping. Thank you Ease of use and many tasks it will perform Love, Love, Love my Amazon Echo Plus!!❤️❤️ Love it! It's everything I wanted and more Great interface.  i enjoy the voice remote Love my new Alexa. She works great so far. I liked linking two more rooms in the home Easy setup. Alexa needs a lot of training, Awesome device wish I bought one ages ago. If you are Razr owner...you must have this! This item is fantastic and works perfectly! The iGo chargers and tips are really great. Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life. I highly recommend this device to everyone! Plan on ordering from them again and again. The music in the film is really nice too.   I believe that Pitch Black was done well.   The cast is always entertaining as usual.   ) some great music, and terrific scenery.   The burger is good beef, cooked just right. Restaurant is always full but never a wait. The chefs were friendly and did a good job. The staff are great, the ambiance is great. The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing. The roast beef sandwich tasted really good! Overall, I like there food and the service. I like it and still learning how to use it. Was Leary about refurbished but work great. Pleased with the order just what I wanted!! Great little thing. Works better than siri. Very fun to use and having morning briefing Really like it. The screen is a major plus. This thing is great. Fantastic alarm clock. The most fascinating thing I've ever bought I like it as an Alexa device but its small. I enjoy the various functions of the device Worked great. The built in hub works great. Arrived right on time and works as expected I love my fire stick. It is so easy to use. Easy to install. Up and running in minutes. Very easy to install and am excited to use! Love it , this time it's a gift  for friend Love my echo. Love playing music in my room Third echo dot purchased. Love the product. A great product for the price, works well!! Excellent cast, story line, performances.   All in all I think it was a good investment. Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are. but it is great, i would really recommend it It really created a unique feeling though.   The camera really likes her in this movie.   Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.   It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.   All I have to say is the food was amazing!!! Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here! You cant go wrong with any of the food here. Everything was perfect the night we were in. Service was good and the company was better! The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing! Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service. Went in for happy hour, great list of wines. Excellent product, set up with ease as well. Easy to setup. Love all the things she does. Love Alexa hope have her in every room soon. Fun so far...still learning how it all works Just like any other echo. Doesn’t disappoint Still leaning about it. The price was right! First time using Alexa and so far I love it. Using it to stream Amazon Prime and Netflix. Simple install and love the voice activation I love that you can watch Bob Dylan’s movies It is s great tool helping with information. his performance, as awarded, was stunning.   I wear it everyday and it holds up very well. The accompanied software is almost brilliant. Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it! The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly. The cocktails are all handmade and delicious. Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced. The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho! The Veggitarian platter is out of this world! Cant say enough good things about this place. By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had! They also have the best cheese crisp in town. It's a great place and I highly recommend it. Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night. The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic. Super easy set up and am loving our new Echo! LOVE LOVE LOVE my new and free assistant!  :) Love the alarm feature...just tell what time. I like how clear the screen is. Hi resolution It's fantastic. Very happy with the purchase. Echo Plus with built-in Hub - Black ...Amazon Very easy to install. Voice control is great. Great product we listen to music all the time Works as expected, very easy to setup and use Great product. Very versatile and easy to use Works great to watch youtube and amazin video That it doesn’t turn my television on or off. I love all the viewing choices on FIRE STICK! The case is great and works fine with the 680. This device is great in several situations:1.) I got it because it was so small and adorable. Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't. What I really like there is the crepe station. The seafood was fresh and generous in portion. Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!! I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas. Excelente, lo unico es que no esta en español. Works great with my existing smart home setup. I love all that you can do with the Echo Spot! I love it the coolest thing since sliced bread Echo Show is my personal assistant! Awesome!!! The Echo Show works great. I enjoy  very much. Music mainly but still checking other features I really love that all my apps are in one spot Purchased this for the Man cave and loving it. It was easy to set up and affordable! Love it! It does what it's suppose to do great product. There are some generally great things in it.   All things considered, a job very well done.   10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.   I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality. I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones. Provides good protection and looks classy, too. I own 2 of these cases and would order another. This film offers many delights and surprises.   The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.   Service was fine and the waitress was friendly. This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay. (The bathroom is just next door and very nice.) Food was really good and I got full petty fast. Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot. The inside is really quite nice and very clean. The staff are also very friendly and efficient. It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix! Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while. Join the club and get awesome offers via email. The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree. Just had lunch here and had a great experience. the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit. more compact and a bit better than the original I’m never disappointed with amazons technology. Great size for bedside. Plus it dims at night!! Oh I love my Echo Show and the video news spots Love it!! Still learning all the possibilities. I was pleasantly surprised! It’s awesome so far The music...the shopping list and the sound.... Easy to set up and works like it's supposed to. Loved it!! Wish I would have bought one sooner. Able to watch all of the shows I love and more. CAN WATCH AMAZON PRIME SHOWS AND TALK TO ALEXUS availability of movies and nothing I don't like Love this thing works great and kids love it to Love it. Works great making my home a smarthome Outstanding product - easy to use.  works great Actually, the graphics were good at the time.   This is hands down the best phone I've ever had. I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat! T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere. The reception through this headset is excellent. Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound. It was also the right balance of war and love.   This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas. I can assure you that you won't be disappointed. The food is very good for your typical bar food. I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia! For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go. It’s smaller than the original. Looks nicer too. Six words, &#34;Alexa, tell me a poop joke.&#34; Looks and works perfect. Glad I got a good deal. Setup was easy and it is a fantastic alarm clock just what I expected,already have 2 other  shows Perfect for controlling my tp-link smart devises Use way more often than we used our Google Home. It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.   Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range. every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it. It does everything the description said it would. I found the product to be easy to set up and use. I was very impressed with the price of the cases. Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.   This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!! you can watch them preparing the delicious food!) The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood. The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful. The food was excellent and service was very good. The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL! High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad. The price is reasonable and the service is great. I love Alexa!  I am surprised how much I use her. if you don't have an Echo you definitely need one Have now used for several months without problem. Very fast service,  got what I ordered. Thank you Great product. Wakes me up every morning on time! Best bedside clock and assistant I have ever had. love the Echo show great in  kitchen  for recipes Great product. More skills are needed. I love it. I bought and love them. Alexa is very convenient. Best streaming device on the market. I now own 3. Love it.. makes the simple things in life simpler good protection and does not make phone too bulky. Nice headphones for the price and they work great! Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful. Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly. Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW. Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.   It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.   It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.   I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.   I liked the patio and the service was outstanding. You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care. Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM! Food was good, service was good, Prices were good. I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine. Yet another Exho for our home and love them all!!! Love this!  Have it in the kitchen and works well! We are still discovering all that the Echo can do. Very responsive. Great sound quality for its size. Great for mom its inside an owlhead in her jacuzzi Like new.  No difference from new unused original. Awesome. I love that it shows the lyrics of songs! It was easy set up.  I use it more than I thought. It is so easy to use and is everything I hoped for Works like a charm. Fast delivery and no problems. Works great, speed is fast. Exactly what we needed Great product. Love the larger remote! Great deal! Easy to hook up.  Wish I knew all its capabilities Being able to use it with my Alexa Echo was great! Dislike the volume. It does not sound loud enough. Perfect for kids, adults and everyone in between!! I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.   Everything about this film is simply incredible.   Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone. Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new. I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality. All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase. On the up side, their cafe serves really good food. Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot! Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago! I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious. Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant. Upgraded from my lilttle echo dot. Happy with sound It was very easy to set up and my family love it’s! I use this product for enjoyment and I just love it Beyond my capabilities to program. Grandkids lve it This used “dot” works fine, it compliments my Echo. It has all I need for my life plans time date music Love my spot. Have that , a dot, and a regular echo So far so good,  much better sound than my Echo Dot It has great sound and very responsive to commands! Item as described and delivered on time.  Thank you The menu''s are cumbersome to get your apps set up. Too soon, I'm still learning what I can do with it. As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.   The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent. This is a good battery, and it got here really fast. Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.   But it picked up speed and got right to the point.   I could care less... The interior is just beautiful. If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!! the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean. Good beer & drink selection and good food selection. Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable. Their daily specials are always a hit with my group. They really want to make your experience a good one. The speaker has excellent sound and works perfectly! Very easy to set up. Works wonderful and I love it!! Responds easily and like the ability to do at night. Does everything I could ask and more. Great product. I love it , using music and turning on and off light We are really enjoying the echo plus. It is fun too. It works great. Better than the previous fire stick! Works fine, I wanted this for my bedroom television. Listens well, does way more than expected, love her! I dislike that it confuses my requests all the time. This is the number one best TH game in the series.   This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.   The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them. Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there. I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone. After charging overnight, these batteries work great. No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great. It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more. It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet. Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.   Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.   Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.   The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.   This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.   The story is also both funny and poignant at times.   The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing. So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat. We like it all so far, but have a lot to try out yet. Works great! Killer speaker! My wife and son love it. Whats not to like about this speaker.  Just ask Alexa Very impressed with look, clarity of sound and color. This one's going in the kitchen for timer/music duty. Just as good as the new one I bought but $10.00 less. Works great just like the new one that i already had. Happy with this as I was with the other 2 I ordered!! Fun to work with still learning everything she can do Great to wake up to music and being told the weather. Enjoy using it.  Great sound.  Love the shopping list Works on great i  use it with my Arlo security system Love it l. I plan on getting an echo for the kitchen. So far, I like it.  It is better than I expecting it. Great addition to our Alexa family. Great video also. Works better than anticipated. This thing is awesome. I love being able to control lights, doors and music. The Echo Dot was everything that I expected and more. Easy to set up and start using.. works as advertised. The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.   I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.   Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended. The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters. So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money. This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.   I was deeply impressed with the character he played.   Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!   Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it. This is one of the better buffets that I have been to. We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast. Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table. In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing. The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh. I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now. The food was great as always, compliments to the chef. The sound is amazing and many collections of all music Love these,  great sound... easy to connect and use... Love it but having a hard time setting up all the apps Almost as good as my Bose. Love the whole house music. This is great! Got one for my Gazebo and one upstairs. I like my uncle. But sometime it goes a little Haywire Perfect. Could not tell the difference from a new one. Great product, and i like the screen for a alarm clock It was much smaller than I was expecting for the cost. works great, has great picture easy to setup and use.. It does not pick up my voice unless I yell most times. I like the variety of stuff that the echo show offers. Great product. I have two and may want to buy a third! Love the fire stick and the amazon customer service!!! We are using the internet for our home and loving them Use it all the time and love it. Very quality product. Works well I have several of these recommend to anyone The sound quality wasn’t great, but it was inexpensive Alexa seems to get dumber and less useful all the time Got to love Alexa she does everything around our house All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.   Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.   I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.   The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome. It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality. I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics. It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car. Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips. But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.   They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.   So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon! This was my first time and I can't wait until the next. Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts. Our server was super nice and checked on us many times. Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place. The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Second Dot work great for refurbishedThought it was new Great product.  Like the apps that I can connect to it. Great product, great price on Prime Day.  Thanks Alexa! Great sound quality, works well with smart home devices Love the Alexa feature. Firestick is working just fine. Hard to hear, had to blue tooth it to a better speaker. It is just not as loud as I thought it was going to be. It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.   Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.   Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.   Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone. Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far. This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching. I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good. Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.   The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.   I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.   But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.   The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well. An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman. The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus. Just like new. No problems whatsoever, Alexa. Thank you. It's fun to use, and makes my life easier in some sense. Love being able to read the lyrics of my favorite songs. No problems whatsoever makes life easy and sounds great. I don't know why I held out on getting this for so long. Great buy. Recommend getting Kodi with some movie addons absolutely an amazing device, very easy to setup and use Very easy to use! Makes finding shows and movies a snap. Love all the options with the fire tv stick!Works great! Still getting used to Alexa, but I think she's a keeper! Amazing product. Still learnimg all the things it can do I love it. bought one for my daughter and one for myself I used it to control my smart home devices. Works great. In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.   Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase. I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service. Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!. I received my headset in good time and was happy with it. Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.   Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.   It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.   The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide! Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative. Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer. The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous. I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper. An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast. Good price. Prompt shipping. Has been working flawlessly. Omg where do I start, I LOVE THIS THING! None bad to say! Nothing to dislike and it does a lot more than I expected It is very easy to use,I can now watch my favorite movies Love the Firestick thinking about canceling the satellite We like it better than Roku.  Voice commands really work. Everything about it is great, love the Alexa voice remote I like that it respond most of my comands. Great product. My 3rd echo device. Very easy to set up. Works perfectly. This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful. It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable. I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem. Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone! I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price. Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with. The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!   A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.   Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.   Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.   I found this place by accident and I could not be happier. I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it. I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar. The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked. The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that. I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas! I love it. It plays my sleep sounds immediately when I ask Have Alexa throughout the house----the future has arrived! Refurbished is the way to go. My Echo works just like new. Perfect works great no problems with it being refurbished. outstanding I use all the time....works just like they say As advertised.  Connected my smart bulbs with no problems. It is very convenient but wish i could request more music. This thing is great if you have internet and amazon prime. I love it...... I want to get another one very  very  soon it takes a while to learn the uses and I'm still learning! When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.   Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman. Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.   The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.   I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.   The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.   The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.   This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.   The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices. I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm! The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR! As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious! Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch. That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased. The outlet does not work with it. Was disappointed in that. Worked just like a brand new Dot ---so I am very satisfied. Like the little spot,  now our guest room is Alexa enabled. Nice product but as intelligent as we thought or had hoped. Loved all about it, all I can do with it and it looks good. Great device, my grandkids had a ball setting it up for me! Works great! Alexa finds all the goodies you could ask for! Small speaker tin sound. Great with good Bluetooth speaker. Perfect!  Fast shipment and packaging.  Worked as intended. I was hoping the cord was white also. Otherwise it is fine. Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.   This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!. The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips. Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet. This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality! This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME. The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.   This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.   Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!   This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!! I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza. If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place. Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see. This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious! OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish. Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!! Talk about great customer service of course we will be back. I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude! Love it - am using it strictly for music now and it's great! Very nice!  I'm impressed - wish she had more to say though. Great device.  Seems to work better than the 1st generation! Works well and has no obvious issues from being refurbished. This is a fun toy.  My daughter have me it.  It reads to me! Excellent quality, very good sound, great deal on Prime Day. Still trying to figure out how to link to Bluetooth speaker. Love it...so happy to have everything available through this We all just love the TV fire stick and I would buy it again. Just the perfect cost effective solution.  Thank you Amazon. Very satisfied, easy setup. Great product. Highly recommend. I got this for dad on father's Day!  He was tickled with it! No problems, works as expected. Could have a better speaker. The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.   Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e. I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one. Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors. If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!   The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special. A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal. We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere. I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea. First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular. These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across. The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable. Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting. The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me. I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette. Has great sound and is very responsive my voice and commands. Love the product. Nice to have easy access to so much info!!! I’m still learning how to use the Echo, but so far I love it! Great item for knowledge, directions, music,laughter and more LOVE MY ECHO SHOW.  Everything about this device is wonderful Works with Blink video cameras.  Does not work with You Tube. Pretty cool. I have only begun to figure out things she does. Excellent why didn’t I think it is in the beginning I love it The sound of the speaker is better than the other Echo I own! Makes accessing all of the Apps easy. Love the voice control. Easy to install and operate. Works with Alexa voice commands. Just getting started with the Fire TV Stick. So far, so good. An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!   Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.   The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.   Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage. Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone. Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple ! Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.   I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.   The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.   The characters are interesting and you really care for them.   A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.   This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.   Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty. Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas. He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service. The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant. I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza. This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant. Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place. The speaker is of surprising quality. Happy with the purchase. A great investment. Alexa has helped me out and made me laugh. I sure love Alexa!  LOL!  Thank you!  Great price and product! Refurbished but just as good as the new ones that I've bought. Works amazingly. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. Love the ease of use and convenience the echo spot has offered Got it and, as expected, ITS GREAT! Almost a swell as my SHOW. I’m just learning about this product, but what I know I love ! Kids like it for games.  Showing the lyrics for songs is neat. well what can you say,  Love It  Love It  Love It  enough said Some times Alexa is a little &#34;thick&#34;, but mostly good! Love this!!! My daughter enjoys telling Alexa what to do. Haha Great item.  I'm so glad I made the purchase and on Prime day. excellent device , works great, having no problems or concerns The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well. I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine. Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold. The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears. All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.   A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.   I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!   The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated. Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas. Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews. Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great. The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh. If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once. I sent it to my 85 year old Dad, and he talks to it constantly. it's great for music, a little hard to figure out how it works. This is a great product!  Set up was easy.  Sound is wonderful. It was a gift and the recipient love love loves it 😍💋💋💋💋❤! Device has great speakers and the screen quality is phenomenal. We love it! Bought the light bulbs as well and we use it daily! My Father liked the added programing in which he is interested. It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.   I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features . I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me. Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.   Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.   They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.   The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section. I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try. The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut. I love the sound quality of this unit, it is a very clear sound. Great sound for the size and the prize!! And of course....Alexa! It worked like a brandnew unit! Great addition to my collection. Love our echo! Thing the full size version sounds better though. I like everything, about this ! Im still learning how to use it! diversity, so many things to see and hear. Wealth of information Happy with Echo Plus. Having fun learning what I can do with it. It was a little hard to follow their instructions, great product It's like a remedial form of the Star Trek computer in your home I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it! I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it. These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent. Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year. I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try. I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best. I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value. The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.   Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.   The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.   This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.   Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service. Best thing I've invested in in a while thank you so much 😁😁😁😁 Love the feature to play music in every room with multiple Echos. Works perfectly, Alexa turns on and off my lights, my tv, roomba! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B073SQYXTW/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_18 Given as a gift to my wife, to compliment my echo.  She loves it. Easy to set up and sooooooo many things it can do.  Just awesome! It’s my second one, so I put this one in the kitchen for recipes. Exactly what I wanted with speedy shipping.....thank you so much! STILL TRYING TO LINK TO MY SON'S AND DAUGHTER'S IN THEIR ROOMS... Love that the fire stick allows me enough choices to ditch cable! Love the fire stick. Alexa works well on it too. Would recommend. Echo Dot is a wonderful invention. We love it. Alexa is so smart. Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.   And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.   Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color. Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.   Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.   The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable. This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint. The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC. Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it! Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup. Great sound in a small package—easy to set up and use; fun to own. Bought for my bathroom to listen when I'm in the shower.  Love it. It works great the speaker sounds fine and overall would recommend Works good.  Microphone is not as good as the better Echo products I like how small it is, but I’m still able to see my Ring cameras. Love listening to music. Still trying to learn everything it does. I've only had this a week but so far so good.  We are enjoying it. I loved talking it out of the box and being able to easily set up. I have had no problems with my Echo Plus. Would purchase it again. Coop product many uses including smart devices throughout the home Expensive but it is a slightly better sound than my Original Echo. Works great. Bought as a gift for my boyfriend. Easy & fun to use. Just as advertised, bought as a gift, great price, fast shipping!! I was able to use this in another room and add Alexa in that room. Perfect for streaming our shows. Ditched cable and we are in love! Super easy to set up.  Easy to use. Lots of app options available. I love this its super convenient and makes my life a little easier I love it, it is just what I thought it would be!!!  I'm addicted! Easy to set up and connect with smart devices. Just what I needed! The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.   The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud). Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.   Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.   The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.   That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good. My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor. Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite. Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered. I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since! Really happy with this purchase.  Great speaker and easy to set up. Like everything about it. The music, the trivia games, the weather. This echo is just as great as my others, even though it is smaller. I liked it, perfect size, the screen is really clear,  and elegant. Bluetooth sound is great. Videos are crazy. It’s an amazing device. This is the best of my echo devices and I own a spot a dot and echo Still haven’t learn all the Echo can do, but so far, quite pleased! Very easy setup, and Alexa can be heard well and receive Very well. This is my second Firestick, I a very pleased with the ease of use. I like when thete nothing to watch on tv I can run to my firestick. Love how I can take it on vacation and use it. Very easy to set up. I love it! I use it for everything. It’s a part of my daily routine Love Alexa!!  I own 2 and gave one for a gift which was a huge hit! I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.   I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.   You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.   I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell. Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right. The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase. I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.   Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made. The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai. The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun. The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it. My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love. I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service. The entire family loves Alexa Echo. She’s now a part of this family. Iove it I bought it for my son because he wanted it and it’s awesome Worked just as good as the two new Echo Dots i preciously purchases. The voice recognition is amazing, perfect companion for the bedroom. Awesome! Easy set up. Linked right up with my Nexia home automation. Love it. I play music everyday and voice  activated makes it so easy Thought it was pretty cool new to streaming thing seemed easy to use Fun and  information.  No dislikes  so far !! Like the convenience!! Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone. My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect. Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price! Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all. I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.   Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.   I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible. * Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars! The sound quality is good just wish alexa could answer more questions The speakers arent too loud.. alexa is great though. Besides that naw Almost like having Star Trek in your home!  Fun to try and outsmart ! Good as new!! Just like brand new! Save yourself some money. Get one! Love it!! Perfect for an alarm clock replacement, plus so much more!! My favorite Echo. A more than adequate replacement for a clock radio. Great sound and the screen is nice to actually see time, trivia, etc. Really like the show me feature. I also like video calls with others. better sound than my echo dot. Simple to set up, less than 5 minutes. I love it. Use it mostly for the music huge repertoire to choose from Works much easier than our 3 year old one. Better internet resemption Very easy to set up and straight forward directions. Loads fast also. Love it, we are still learning the capabilities, having a lot of fun. I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did. I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead. A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I. The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth. Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree. I love my echo dot! Looks brand new and works perfect! Very satisfied. Love it!! Super fun! Easy to use! My three year old even gets involved Love my spot! She even more than I expected! Great size for a bedroom! Love being able to see, as well as hear things.  Sound is better, too! Love it. It is in my kitchen so I can watch Prime Video while cooking. The sound quality is great, it now replace the echo dot in my kitchen. Easy setup very fun to use. Connects with all my smart home appliances Have had for just one week so far and I can say it is a blast to have. The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.   This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive. The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc. I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it. I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.   This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.   Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.   This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.   People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.   I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.   Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious. Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff. We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC! The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table. I like the volume up and down on the top so I can turn it down quickly. Works good. However, the price went down the week after I purchased it. I used the product for my phone to look up the weather and watch videos Very easy to set up. Does what is said it will. Very satisfied so far.. I enjoy seeing lyrics on the screen for different Amazon music stations Works great and it's so easy to use that my 4 year old can navigate it. Love it. The only downside is that you can't download any app you want. Great ! It was the best decision ! Especially if you have Amazon Prime. Really like the availability to get instant music throughout the house. I like the compact structure of the Dot. The sound is a little too low. Echo Dot and related devices are the best thing to come in a long time. Works great.Having fun playing music,checking weather,a king questions. It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission. Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had. A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.   It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.   STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.   Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.   Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !   It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.   It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.   The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.   Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu. Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount. My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions. Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers! The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness. The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning. Got this for the bathroom love it we can listen music whe. We showering. Good as new! Perfectly packaged and I have had zero issues with the dot. Works great, video call function nice when communicating through drop-in I love this so much!! Alexa is even better when she can show you things! I wish it did more with internet searches.  I do like the feature it has Works well for recipes and references. Nice device, just the right size. I love this device. Makes life easier the more you figure out it can do. Great product, easy to install and use! Not a necessity but a commodity! So  convenient ! I will never touch the remote again to shut off my tv!! Awesome piece of technology that has simplified my life. Great purchase. He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.   I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC. The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.   Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.   Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.   If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.   Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.   Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.   You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.   This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff. Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back. We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience. I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place! Works as advertised. Very easy to setup. Still learning what this can do. Works perfect. Save a few bucks and buy the refurbished. Looks brand new. LOVE!! i still haven't figured out all the best things we can do with it. So far it's been very useful. Trying to learn all the ways to use Alexa . My first smart buy..I am loving it and all the great things Alexa can do. Very easy to hook up. Download the app and it walks you through the setup Nothing to dislike I love my new toy that has made my house a smart home. Easy to set-up!  I am enjoying the added video choices for my television. Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.   It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.   This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it. The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great. The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7. This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.   An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.   Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious! This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment. In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome. Still learning all the capabilities...but so far pretty pretty pretty good Love my Echo. Still learning how every thing works but having tons of fun. Love it -- the best.  My experience with refurbished devices is excellent. Great speaker with a lot of capabilities. Very fun to learn how to use it. Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !! I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great. Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing. I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well. I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside. It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.   Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner! The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options. One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again . Works great, upgraded from echo dot to full size echo, couldn’t be happier! Very cool product. Speaker sounds good with my Spotify blasting through it. It's so efficient and amazing!  How COOL!  We all use it often every day... Easy to use and has great sound...It was a great purchase at a great price. I use it in my office and another at my apartment for music and information A GREAT PRODUCT...once we learned how to work it...this thing is awesome!!! This Echo Plus has proved to be the most innovative improvement in my life! very nice! everything is working fine. just have to 100% learn the commands I love the sound very good. We use it for home automation also works well!! ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PRODUCT SO EASY TO USE BETTER THAN SCROLLING CHANNELS. Extremely easy to use! Switched away from directv and use it to stream T.V. It won’t work as a blue tooth speaker with my tv,it connects but won’t work I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute. But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before. I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far. It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!   This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic. It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends. Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad. Love the product.  Use to turn on my lights and answer some quick questions. Great price, works perfectly. Saved the money on a refurb!! Would buy again! This is just like new -- same performance as our brand new one; no problems. Tremendous way to communicate with friends and family all across the country Good sound! The capacity of join different apps to make work your smart home love Alexa, makes it fun when people are around and seeing it for first time Very easy to install.  Very intuitive to use.  Very happy with the purchase. I feel that the voice feature is useless. Lots of channels to stream though. Easy to use, all your favorite programs. All inclusive, nothing else to buy. Turned our old TV into a smart TV. Really easy interface. Have bought 4 now. Primarily for music in our bedroom.  I wish the speaker had better fidelity. It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.   John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.   I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed. If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.   The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.   On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service. This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit. I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed. In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful. My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience. Have these in almost every room. I really have enjoyed them. Works perfectly. Works great I love it, grand daughter digs the watching of cartoons on it lol Works well. Not thrilled that most of the apps have to be paid for seprately. The only draw back is it stops every once in awhile in the middle of a song . I love the size and the videos are a good quality.  The sound is awesome too. We haven’t used it much yet.  We like what we have used. My husband loves it. I loved the I can use voice to make a request. I use it for music and movies. Works great, love the fact you can play the same music on a group of devices. All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.   I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool. Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place. You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off." I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine. The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.   The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.   :) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.   The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive. It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food. This thing is way cool!  You should get one.  If you want to be cool, that is. Just had to have it and now lets play and learn how to get the most out of it. The echo works well. I was able to sync it with my other Amazon music devices. so far love it working on getting more things set up love the grocery list app This was an add on for my echo system, the refurbished product works like new! Needs to play YouTube and prime video and maybe Netflix. But it has good sound It is great. But it would be better there was a way to use headphones with it. Love the echo show. The video quality is good and of course sound is good too. Totally clear picture with numerous channels available. Used for my kitchen tv Bought the 2nd firestick for bedroom. Easily installed and set up. Works great I have used Roku & Mi Tv box. This fire TV stick is very similar. Easy to use. so far i am liking it although i am probably not using it to the full capasity I love all of the things that it can do. I can play with it and learn from it. I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.   I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it. Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.   This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.   There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).   I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.   Met and exceeded my expectations. Easy set up and is really quick in responses. I like the product except that the speakers are not the high quality I expected Supberb sound! Definitely worth the extra money if you listen to lots of music. As described and received on time.  Do not like automatic enrolment into music. Very cool and lots of fun! Used for a week and still learning its capabilities. Works great as a BT receiver with output connected to vintage stereo equipment. I have never been more satisfied with a product. Perfect introduction to Alexa. Is working like a  new one for now, l have another 3 alexa devices lm a fanatic Very easy to use and much quicker then looking up everything on the cell phone. I bought this for my mother and she loves it! I want to get one for myself now! I like being able to watch pretty much anything I want at anytime. Works great! I bought this fire stick for another TV! No more arguments about what to watch! I AM COMPLETELY IN LOVE. DOES ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING AND IS SO AMAZING AND GREAT The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.   The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.   you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool. The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too. It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip. This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer. Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10   Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good. The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous. When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again! This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer. Love it and Alexa. I am not very savvy but support was very helpful and patient. I love being able to have Alexa sing careless whisper into my ear to wake me up. I put it on a TV that didn’t have a great picture and it now looks like a new TV It offers hours of entertainment and it was very easy to install and activate 👍 great price great product fire stick is the best i think works better then roku. Small device that my kids like to ask questions. Very handy friendly interactive Have the echo wanted something smaller in another room  they work together great this is my first Alexa enabled device and so far its lived up to its reputation! Been debating on getting one, but am happy I did! Still more to explore. Thanks! After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well. The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter. Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item. The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.   I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.   Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.   Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even. This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while. That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas. Use this all the time and especially to communicate with kids throughout the home Bought my first echo dot and loved it so I got this for work. Absolutely love it! It won’t receive calls and it’s really hard to call someone who has another echo. This product is amazing! I love it!!! Best Buy!!! Only thing missing is Bluetooth It’s better than I thought, it practically turns your regular tv into a smart tv! Works great... bought it for my shop so that it is like an intercom to the house. I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!   The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase. I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve! I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product. i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced. After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.   It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.   Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time. Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff. At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff. Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed. Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back! Great sound quality, great features, great product. Multi room music is very cool. Used to have fun with. Great to play music, turn on lights and who know what else. It's fun to use... I love novelty gadgets... And Alexa really works well for me... For now, I love everything. So cool with my music and flash briefings, 5 star Echo New device so still learning about it but works great for us when navigating Hulu. The first stick is a solid, entry level, device and does what it's supposed to do. Love it , Now if I can only find the correct smart (links)Plug to connect this too It's easy to set up and use. There are new features and skills added all the time. Love the product but dislike that I can’t sync up my Apple Music for Alexa to play How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?   He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery. Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper! The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics. I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone. So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.   Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal. The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection. On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat. Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos! The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price. The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well. Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service. Initially harder to set up called tech wasn’t that knowledgeable now working great. Everyone should have an Echo or two or three or more. I bought my Echo through QVC. Loved it till someone stoled it. Can't afford to replace it yet but I am going too. I already have the echo plus.  Bought this one for my bedroom.  Love the functions. What a wonderful little Alexa enabled gadget at like the analog clock face the best It get on sale after 2 days so ... CHECK EVENTS BEFORE U BUY THESE AMAZON PRODUCTS! Really enjoying my firestick can’t wait to get rid of  cable such a waste of money. We love our fire stick!! The Alexa voice control is fantastic for my younger kids!! Excellent product and service.  Very easy to install and my daughter is very happy. For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend. I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase. I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision. But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.   There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.   I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.   Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.   This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.   This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again. The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested. Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder. Tried to play certain broadway shows like Camelot and it gives ne the group Camelot. Love being able to listen to music easily. Still learning all the features available The only thing I don't like is it shuts off by itself other than that it works great Alexa is easy to operate and set up.  Have had it for about 10 days now and love it. I love it now able to talk to my grandson with ease and the picture quality is great Great product I just wish it had some sort of equalizer... The bass is a little much Very capable.  Language recognition is the best I've experienced.  Great sound, too! Love it and how easy it is to use. One of the best Prime Day purchases we have made. very handy in the kitchen, sets timer and gives me extra help on setting oven temps. Easy setup, easy use, work with other smart products, always learning what it can do I like the hands free operation vs the Tap. We use both for controlling smart plugs. The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again. I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family. I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful. The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.   For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!   I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great. So far I like it.  I bought it just for some music though, and it sounds pretty good. Has weird pauses in her speech pattern that are not present in my other echo devices. Bedroom clock , ask questions,  weather reportsAlarm clock ⏰. Music 🎶 download music What a great little gadget for the house. You ask and it delivers, period. Well done! Used for personal use. We like hearing weather, news from CNN, and various playlists. Fun taking to the TV. Works good. It’s a little confusing moving around the programs. Easy to connect and the skills created for our Echo 2nd Gen worked fine with the Dot. My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great. im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it. It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside. This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW! Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.   His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!   The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had! We love the size of the 2nd generation echo. Still needs a little improvement on sound This is great item and just added audible books which makes it even better. Thank you! Fun just got it today now my I pod will go in my car and I will use this is the house. I purchased echo about 2 weeks ago , I love this product, I would definitely recommend Its work perfect an I must introduce the rest of the device to complete the functions. Definitely a really good buy for FIRST time buyers of smart home stuff =]I bought 3 =] Easily configured hub capabilities.  Excellent sound quality for the size of the unit. I bought it for my sister and she hasn't had any complaints yet so I think it's great! Handy if you don't expect much out of it much "dumber" than the assistant in my phone. Great to play music throughout the house. Great and easily fits in my decor of my home There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.   clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming. Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i. In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!? It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.   Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it. Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food. Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!! This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted. When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there. Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day. The voice clarity has made my eavesdropping efforts so much easier - the government. :) I love it ita like having a personal assistant and computer and everything else in one. Best thing I have ever owned! Started with the dot and now added the spot and I love iy All the music I can listen too, Also the movie I can watch I can see my ring doorbell . It's an echo with a screen, hence still needs work. Has me considering google home now. I have 2 of them the one I have to reset it at least once a week or so some times twice Very helpful for playing music, setting alarms, and talking to you when you are lonely. It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation. I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.   Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.   Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.   I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!   Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.   My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away. I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here. We absolutely love this product!!! Wish we would have bought this instead of the dots!!! Got for elderly parents,easy for them to use.just instructions could be more informative Easy to setup and use. The ability to play video is huge addition on Alexa device family It was an excellent purchase. Echo Plus has sound quality, good size, I love it... I it! Very satisfied with the purchase. The package came in good time and was just as expected After we learned to use this (we are still learning), we are very pleased with Echo Plus Loved it. No more cable bills for us.  I would advise anyone to get one. 2nd one bought. Setup was easy and usage was intuitive.  I've used it away from home and it works great. I like it and it’s helful but it can only do certain thongs that is supported by amazon. works great but speaker is not the good for music. Will need to get a Bluetooth speaker. I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging. I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.   Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.   This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.   I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well. I love the fact, that I can unplug it, and take it to my basement when I want do laundry. Was a little hard to get it to pare up with the others but once it did no problems at all It looked brand nrw!! I have nothing to.complain about!! I will defently be ordering more I love this clock, I just have to tell it to set my alarm.  No more fussing with buttons! Very nicely constructed. My wife wanted a second for the kitchen so I order a second one. Upgraded from a first generation firestick. I don't know why I waited so long. I love it! Great easy to set up.A little difficult to navigate and the instructions are non existent If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.   I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair. Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case. This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.   Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.   An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.   It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.   He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table. The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming. We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed! There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat. Works great sounds great does not miss a beat wish it had a battery for better portability I purchased this for my daughter and we all love this!!!! its amazing!! we love the games! Looked Brand new works great. I love these echo dots and the refurbished ones are like new Great love the display and easy to use, though still learning what all it can do everyday. I love love love love it!  I feel like I have a talking computer that tells me EVERYTHING. This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving. It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did. They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too). It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.   The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected. The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal! Love it. Beautiful experience especially if hooked to smart lighting and other accessories. Overall it works very well. Some connectivity issues but it was definitely worth the money! Had a dot and upgraded to this! I like it. My only complaint is the very short instructions We love it!!  We use it every day and are finding new ways to use it the longer we have it! I bought two.  One for me and one for my daughter who lives in another state.  We love it!! I haven't had it very long, but so far our whole family is enjoying asking Alexa questions! I like how easy it was to set up. Very easy to use and set up with other Bluetooth devices. The Fire Stick has been amazing! Easy  setup and easy to use! An awesome deal on Prime Day! i do wish the dot could connect to the fire stick but both products still worked flawlessly The Alexa program is great, but the quality is not the best. It could definitely be louder. I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.   I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had. It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality. The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.   The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.   Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!   It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.   We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully. Works perfect no wear and tear on the device I love Alexa working on making my home smart 😂 I did not know it needed to be plugged in to work. So far my experiences have been positive. It’s a great product and easily set up just have to get it in sync with your personal set up Love this thing. Easy to setup and  looking forward to adding more smart devices to my home. Cool little speaker..I love her alarms and connected it to my speakers and it sounds great!! Love Alexa. Love the Echo Dot but we have trouble with the speakers when using the intercom. ***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.   Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more. The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp. It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother. I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family. Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.   However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.   I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.   Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area. As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks. Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy. Only problem is my slow internet. I really like the speaker on it. Having tons of fun with it I like the built in hub. Plus the unit sounds great, just wish it had a volume control on it. I like the echo plus it's wonderful the least thing I don't like is it doesn't turn off every This is outstanding works awesome the music sound very clear and loud and Alexa is very smart What a blast!  We love Echo...  Just learning all the tricks but lots of fun and helpful too! I love it but does not play well with my Amazon Prime... many shortcomings and potential fees Love it!!! Convenient. Responsive. Learns voices within the household. Best assistant so far! Like it alots, something different than traditional television. The use of Alexa is nice too. I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier. It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.   The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.   This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.   The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.   Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!   I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied. I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of. I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi. The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had. It worked exactly as expected and the speaker has great sound. It is perfect for my classroom! I have been wanting one of these for a while now.  Bought on Prime Day and absolutely love it. Sound quality is great. Still learning about all the different things I can do with it. FUN!!! I bought two refurbished ones for work and home. They both work perfectly and appear brand new Took me awhile to get it connected. I'm not electronically savy but now that it is, I love it. Echo is my teacher English, he is very funny,but sometimes he does not listen to what is said. Easy to use. Great for recipes, listen to music, see movies, movie trailers, so much to do....  The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.   In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.   The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad. It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it. I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional. It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.   From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste. My husband likes being able to use it to listen to music.  I wish we knew all it's capabilities Love this for bedside clock/alarm/radio.  Face can dimat night so it’s not bright for sleeping. Works great , seems to be a delay bringing up ring cameras but sound and video quality are good So far using it for lights and music. Will connect my tv, vacuum and doorbell soon. Love it!!!! I definitely like this product.  Wanted to be able to watch Netflix on my tv!  Easy to install! Already had a firestick in our livingroom, great entertainment, had to get one for the bedroom. Great gadget that installs, and works easily. Nice to not have another box taking up space too! Love having one in our bedroom and in the kitchen. Great to drop in on family around the house. I love the option where u can play music everywhere in the house when you have multiple devices The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything. This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up. Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas. The Echo is wonderful but I'm still learning how to use it. Music requests are somewhat limited. Works like a new one.  Can tell the difference from the new one I bough and the refurbished one. Excellent to listen to my music, my audio books, and look all my cameras in and around my house. Works well with optional cameras.  Conferencing is good.  Still feel like Bezos is spying on me. Got this as a gift... so cool!  I can view my news, recipes or shopping lists.  And much more!!! Love my echo show! Great sound and picture. Does a great job thing in my entire echo collection! Love how it shows the song info on the screen if playing... also time, notifications, news, etc! Same specs as regular echo, but easier to use than getting a separate hub for smart lights, etc. Ease of set up. I’ll have fun sitting up other features as well as making my house a smart home. Streaming is easy.  I love it because I can watch Netflix in my bedroom on my TV and not my Ipad The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems. I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.   Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...! Very cool product. Easy to setup, fun to use and sound quality is much better than I anticipated. Bought this for the guest room.  It's a radio, alarm clock, information center and so much more. Well I’m a big fan of echoes these ones went I’m my bathrooms.  Works just great as expected 👍🏾 I have no complaints. As far as I know, these are exactly like new, just a little cheaper. Great! Great addition to the Alexa family.  Nice having the &#34;visual&#34; part of pics, recipes, etc. Great speaker, great microphone response.  Loving my purchase and the beginning of my smart home. Doesn't seem to hear as well as my 2nd Generation Echo and WHY is there no volume buttons on it?! I can't get multiple profiles working. It just spins when adding a 2nd user at pass device prompt Besides being fun, it also has many practical aspects--a real bonus for those with vision issues! It talks to me, plays the type of music i want to listen to, and even turns off when I ask if to.  With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.   The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.   I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.   It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time. It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!   We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside. The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough. I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast. And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him). They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval. Did t really know what I could use this device for. Used it for a few things, but need an overview Smaller than I thought it would be. Happy I got a stand so it sits up higher on the bedside table. I love it. It is compatible with many of my cameras and it does everything that the echo dot does. Wonderful, still learning how to use. Had a heck of a time setting it up, but is happened somehow. I love it! Super easy to use. Hole the button and speak....takes you right to it without delay :-) I really like this product and the fact that I can get apps that I am unable to get on my smart tv Love the Firestick! My kids love that they can talk to Alexa and get the weather, local news, etc. Works well. Just disappointed with the speaker quality. But hooked it up to old computer speakers. We have so much fun with this!  So easy to use that even my four year old loves talking to Alexa!! Este producto llegó y a la semana se quedó sin olor, perdió toda su escencia, huele solo a alcohol Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!! It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable. MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.   I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.   Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor. Mainly use it for the music but I’m learning more all the time.  Really nothing bad to say about it I having it in my living room. Music sounds really good in my living room . I can hear it upstairs. Couldn't be more pleased. Amazon hit this one out of the park. Looks great and runs great. Love it! I like the Echo Spot because it fits into my decor and I can also sing along with my favorite songs This is my fourth Echo (original and two dots). It's the best.... Decent speaker... Fun graphics... She's [Alexa] a bit dense and still learning the way I phrase things with my NY/NJ regional accent. Just got mine last night. Played around with it for a while. Should have bought it a long time ago. Very good quality and you don’t have to yell or be close for it to work and understand you properly I have an echo but wanted a dot for my bedroom. It was even easier to set up than my original echo. This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier. steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.   It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.   And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong. Great for my office. I use this daily in many ways, to include spelling for me and background music. This is our second Echo Spot - to go with out two Echo Dots - love the look and how Alexia responds. Love to have meditation music, I use it as a morning alarm, just to mention few in general I love it I’m really enjoying this product. Love the flash briefing, the timers, the weather reports and more. I like the way you can watch anything and everything , for some live shows you need a cable provider Super-Easy setup, only issue i find is that it occasionally loses connection with household network. I love my new Echo Dot! Right now, I mainly use it to play music at night, but it gets the job done. If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.   It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.   I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great! It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles. I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions. My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand. I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip. add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.   Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).   PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.   Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways. The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way. Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat ! It is a good addition to my small space, and it keeps me up to date on events and weather conditions. The fact that she can help me find my phone when I am at home alone is worth the price of this device Love it!  Great to request music and be able to see lyrics.  I had a dot, but this is so much better. I have the echo but got 2 show. 1 for my Daughter. Absolutely love it. Especially for the video chat. I love every aspect of the Echo Plus, I wanted it for my office. The light was also for my desk lamp. Device is touted as able to link to calendar on my Samsung phone through google, can't get it to work A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget. It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days. I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic. I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!   This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.   The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.   My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing. Excellent product, mint condition for a refurbished unit - you would never know it's been refurbished! Bought a refurb, and its works just as my new ones I bought prior! Came in original packaging as well! Great sound and video plus all the great stuff that Alexa has to offer even turns my lights on and off Great product! Highly recommend getting the stand that goes under it, it sits much better on the desk. Having the large screen really majes this an enjoyable experience. Only thing it’s missing is youtube. I am very pleased with the Echo Show! I love that it has so many nice features. I highly recommend it. I like that it’s voice activated but it don’t link with any other Bluetooth devices only Alexa devices It's louder than the dot and it's got a built in hub for all the other wireless controls in the house. Love that you can use your cell phone to call Echo or Dot. You can also use Echo and Dot as intercoms. I like having more Alexa devices in my house and the sales price on amazon prime day was too tempting. It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes. It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case. I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure. The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity. I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting. The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked. Love it--- have one inside house and one by our pool now . Just as good as Bose speakers around house - I like that it knows my music type.The least is that it isn't wireless and the volume is not that high. It makes talking with your grandchildren so easy, especially for the little ones.  Outstanding product! love it! so glad we got it on Prime Day, although now having it, I would totally pay full price for it! Love it to play music works great for finding recipes. Need more family to have adapted machines to see Plug n Play set up is simple. Added battery base to make it portable. Looking forward to using the hub. Got this in a pretty good deal during the prime day event. It sounds pretty good and works well so far. Set up was simple. It recognizes my voice well. It seams very intuitive. I am enjoying its ease of use. He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.   Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago. The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone. I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.   I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from. All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting. We really only use this as a speaker to stream music. We’ve had it 7 months and it’s just kinda useless. We talk to her all the time for songs and just because we can . There aren’t dislikes about this device. Have had no issues with this refurbished unit. It performed expected. I would buy another one if needed. I love this, answers all my stupid questions and tells me the weather for when I don’t get off the couch Bought this to go in my niece's room. You can't tell it's refurbished. It looks good and works like new. I Love it !! Used one like this in Philly while visiting my son and decided to buy my own on Prime Day ! The speakers on these devices are surprisingly good. The functionality of each echo device is fantastic. Holy sound quality batman! This thing jams. It's insanely helpful and just a nice gadget to have around. I already bought one previously to try out and enjoyed it.  Bought these new ones during the Prime sale. I love this item and being able to hear any kind of music.  I enjoyed it so much that I ordered another. And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.   Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations. We have used for last 2 weeks. We like it. My children also like it. Alexa has become part of our family. We really love our Echo Dot, we can get questions answered right away and play any music we can think of. The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.   It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.   The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.   They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it! The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was. We regret waiting so long to purchase this item. We are both surprised and pleased with the sound quality. I love my Echo show!  and now i have this in my bedroom and it's wonderful!, music, info, sleeping sounds! I have 3-Dots and 2-Original and this new one works perfectly.  Will buy all my future Dots reconditioned. Pleased with the Echo, it is loud and can hear my voice and understand much better than previous versions. It has a screen, microphones, speaker, and alexa lives inside.  Yup it is an Echo Show.  Expectations met. I really haven’t found any difference between this and the original version I bought. They both work great Lovee it! It has evrything I need it, now I cant even get my dad out of my room hahahaha... movie addicts. Easy installation and set up. Better sound from the Echo Dot Smart speaker. Very satisified with purchase. We are still in the discovery phase, but so far we are enjoying the smart home features we have installed. I'm still learning how to use it.  I figured out it can read my kindle books to me, which is a real bonus. The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.   His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.   As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.   Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for. They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world. Working great this far.  Can't tell it's not new.  Will edit for longevity in a year, that's the real test. I bought this for a family member as a gift. I called her to see how she likes it & she said she loves it‼️ I absolutely LOVE this!!!  I have it in my kitchen so I can use it for cooking. The speakers are amazing!!! Love it very much, still learning everything that my Echo can do, but am really enjoying the whole process. Wish it would have came with the lightbulb, but otherwise works great, fast delivery, and I enjoy using it! This makes a big difference in searching for programs, so much easier then the older fire stick, faster to. I like to watch older shows, 70's and 80's, and the firestick gives me the opportunity to find those shows. Once connected it brought so many options to view. We connected with quite a few of the channels.Must have, I am really enjoying the many different features on my Alexa, especially listening to music and audio books Love it!! It is so handy and easy to use. Got it for my classroom, but I many need to just get another one. Easy to set up. Still trying to get it to connect to a light bulb smart plug. Grandkids think Alex is cool! The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.   The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside. Works as you’d expect and then some. Also good sound quality considering price (70.00 on sale) and features. This is my third Dot. They all work perfectly and I use each one multiple times a day. Absolutely love them. I like that it's smaller, but it has never understood commands as easily as our first-gen original Echo did. Love all my Echo products. I like the video phone feature on this. Can check in on our cat when on vacation. Easy to Install. Very clear speaker. I took one star off because it was delivered late by OnTrac-like usual. Love Echo, everywhere I go in my house she's always reminding me, playing music or talking to me.  Love her. Still learning everything she can do.  Good for a room.  Volume is pretty good without an additional speaker Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception. Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver). The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.   I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.   It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".   this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored. Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's. I like the looks better than the original echo.  I moved my old echo to the basement family room. Nice sound. Installed on my back porch, works very well!  I did have to get the wall mount for it, which also works well. Alexa is fun! I’ve added smart home aspects, my friend listens to Spotify, my husband enjoys interacting too. I can receive my CPR classical station.  Great sound.What I like least is the learning curve and my mistakes. I really like the echo dot. It’s amazing to be able to set an alarm or timer just by talking to the echo dot. I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color! This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.   The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.   This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here. Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo. This is my first smart device and I will surely be buying other devices that will be compatible with this one. Exactly like new, can tell the difference from my new dot I got prior to this one, works perfectly. LOVE Alexa My kids love Alexa... Skills are amazing, would like to see her get a little smarter answering basic questions Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen. I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!). I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price! I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better. Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape. This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.   Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.   Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.   Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.   We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night. Great technology!! Can't believe the speaker volume and quality is so wonderful. Wish I had bought another one! Works great! Looks brand new! Love my new echo dot. I will be getting them for all the main rooms in the house. You could not tell this was refurbished. Works Excellent. I would highly recommended instead of purchasing new. Love that you can play music and see the lyrics.  Connected to my echo dot I enjoy listening in multiple rooms. Best streaming device I've used in 5 years just wish the remote had a headphone jack like the Roku remote does. Great product. Had a bit of a problem to download kodi but once it is done. You get all the movies Tv programs. Works great, some of the apps will start buffering but it’s probably my internet. Love the Alexa voice control. Love it!! Don’t know what took me so long to get one — and don’t know why I didn’t get two on Amazon Prime Day! However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.   The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.   Got one for me and for my son on Prime Day. We love them! I want one in every room, but that would be excessive. Works well. Need to speak clearly but picks up commands from a good distance and the sound is surprisingly well. Doubtful at first, but it works a lot better than my smart devices.Plus Alexa software include, that was a plus! I love everything about the fire stick. It’s easy to use and Alexa makes it quicker to get to tv shows or music. I used Chromecast before this, it was okay. But I love the FireStick. Works great, doesn’t lag. Would recommend! I love to watch my wife argue with Alexa.  I woke up one night listening to Alexa talking to my cell phone. ???? I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price. Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.   Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.   I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious. We like the video calling feature. We got this so we can be in contact with our elderly parents and it works well I love this thing.  I enjoy watching the daily news, play music with lyrics (most songs), ordering my coffee..etc The Fire TV Stick was easy to set up and use. Only downfall is, subscriptions are needed to view premium content. Superb is all we can say.  Plugged the unit in, set up the HDMI and boom, we were watching better TV.  Thank you. Love these.  Great in the bathroom to listen to the news during showering.  Or listen to CNN live with Serius SM.  In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.   * Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously! This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something. Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.   The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby! I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!). Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good. Love it! I’ve listened to songs I haven’t heard since childhood! I get the news, weather, information! It’s great! Technology in such a small device. The price was good too! The sound is amazing! A must have feature for any home! Works decent, wish it was able to answer more questions....need a better source for info but the rest works great! We love the echo spot I use it on my nightstand for alarm clock and play iHeartRadio radio while getting dressed!! In one word: Amazing! Best tech purchase I have ever made as it controls all devices in my house and even my pool! Like it. Still working discovery. Really too soon to fully evaluate. But looking forward to learning and using it. Love it just wish I could play my amazon music on both my devices without having to buy an additional subscription Clear sound, great alarm clock, plays my music.  What else can you ask for.  Oh yeah, you can order what you need. Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2. Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day. It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time. I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight. That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well. Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.   The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff. I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes. Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot! I wanted to see my security video cameras without having to use my phone. Works great and extremely easy to set up. I love the idea is the star trek computer at home. The skills are great, but the natural language work is mediocre. This was a Prime Day purchase. I'm still learning my way around it. So far, so good. The addition of Alexa is nice. I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.   I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end. I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far. All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul. The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.   You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.   They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good. The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc. They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle. The sound from this Echo 2nd Generation is phenomenal!  Not to mention that I just love Alexa!  She is very helpful. More than I expected. I use it for timers, alarms, shopping lists, calendar events, news, weather, and so much more. I have the dot and Echo Plus, this one can't seem to &#34;hear&#34; me as well and doesn't do as much as I expected. I have been waiting for the Echo Show to go on sale and it was worth the wait. It was easy to set up and start using This thing is awesome. We watch it more then the regular cable. Going to by more on Black Friday as Christmas gifts. I connected it to my whole home sound system to play prime music which my Google Home mini can't do.  It works well. It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.   Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).   It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party. I wasn't sure I really wanted one of these, but now that I have it, it is extremely useful.  Get one, you'll love it! I was skeptical at first but &#34;it&#34; grows on you.  It looks good, so far.  I did, however, turn off the camera. Surprisingly handy. Wish it had more options geared towards it being on your nigh stand. Like an even dimmer setting. My three year old loves it.  Good for doing basic household tasks.  We're going to add a few smart outlets and bulbs. This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.   I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.   It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!   Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough! I'm still learning how to use it, but so far my Echo is great! The sound is actually much better than I was expecting. I have the google home that I really like. The Echo plus I think has even a better sound and am totally happy with it. The built in hub lacks some of the features (geo fencing) of the Phillips hub.  Otherwise would have given it 5 stars. Still learning how to use it but like it so far. We played music from YouTube and a couple movies on it. No complaints Finally bought one but it couldn't find my Wi-Fi. Had to buy a Wi-Fi extended. My smart t.v. used the Wi-Fi just fine. Use as my 3rd dot. Bought so my husband would be able to contact someone if he falls and doesn't have access to phone. Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good. The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.   Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.   Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible. I love my Alexa Dot. I play games with my son, ask how the weather Is and I love that she works with my Amazon Fire Tv. I am just entering the &#34;smart&#34; technology world. I haven't figured it all out yet, but so far it's pretty cool! It every ting I thought it would be plus more.  This will be going to my MOM right after I get through playing with it. Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good. I love my Echo smart speaker.  I love the volume and clarity.  It was easy to set up.  ITs a wonderful gift for any age. Having so much fun with Alexa. Love being able to listen to music when I’m across the room or busy doing something else. Great product. Sometimes Alexa does not understand some commands for my Fire TV. All in all, this is a fabulous speaker. Just getting use to using the Echo. Used it for shopping lists, listening to music and as a timer. Working great so far. Refurbish Echo Dot received as new condition, as new packaging, no complaints. Neat little gadget.(Drives my wife nuts!) The sound is wonderful and it just plain works. I wish it cost less, but it is worth the cost. (especially on Prime Day) I love how fast you get a respond from Alexa.Also easy to find any thing you are looking forjust speak in to the remote. I am spoiled by one downstairs...so got this one for upstairs to listen to music , etc. while I walked on the treadmill. I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great. They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date. But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.   This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed. I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing). I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious! Great addition to our breakfast room kitchen.  Tunes and information instantly available.  Slowly learning more features. We got this as a wedding gift and haven’t discovered all of its features yet. Will update. Playing music is great though! Works very well, but the microphone don&#34;t pick up as well as the full size echo.  Audio quality is okay for the size. Love this! Replaced an old alarm clock in my bedroom with this.  Love that it dims at night. Very responsive to commands. I live this item.  I bought several for each room in the house and as a gift for my Mom.  I also use mine to travel with. It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.   I bought three of these and all three have worked flawlessly. If they weren't labeled as refurbished I wouldn't have known Love my Echo Show!! Now I can listen to music, get recipes, and so much more!!! I highly recommend the Echo for everyone!! I loved everything about this item. Quick response time and very sensitive to me speaking from the other end of the house. Love the TV/movie selection. I really like the fact that I can just rent a movie if they don't have it in their selection. The echo dot was easy to set up and use. It helps provide music, etc. to small spaces and was just what I was looking for. No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid. The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.   The best part of this product is you can control the thermostat and lights for your house.  There isn’t anything I dislike. Works great - I put this in my son's room and use the drop in option to get his attention when he is gaming or watching tv. I have it in the kitchen. Great for news or music in the a.m. I can video call my daughter and grand kids. I really dig it! Works as advertised! It says Alexa is always learning. That's great because I am just learning all the things Alexa can do. We love the Fire TV Stick and will love it even more when we sever our cable connection when our service agreement expires. I really enjoy being able to just make a request  for my favorite music and it happens I have no complaints at this time... But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman  and totally believable because he is a great actor.   It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal. For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.   We love our Echo! We were totally amazed at the speaker quality. Only bummed we didn’t buy two since we got it on Prime day! This unit add much pleasure to our Echo Plus.  We now can have music and information through our home. (or just in one room) I think I now have 5 of these throughout the house. So convenient to set a timer or check the weather or whatever, wherever. We gave the Echo Spot as a gift to my mother in law.  She loves it.  She can play music of all genres!  Easy for her to use. Love it, Love it, Love it!!! Bought it on Prime Day, then had buyers remorse, but once I got it, it was Love at first sight. I love how it is Alexa enabled. I just say the show I want to watch and &#34;she&#34; knows how and where to find it for me! Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.   This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.   The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.   Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.   So far it has worked well. Not always intuitive as to how to link different devices, or "skills", but getting the hang of it. The echo doesn’t come with a built in battery so it has to be plugged in at all times to use it, makes it quite inconvenient. Love it even though I’m still trying to figure out all the other things I can do with this item it works great with my phone. Purchased for my 83 year old mother-she loves talking to Alexa! Very responsive-can detect its “name” from all over the room. I was on beta list for Alexa, Have a Show, an original Alexa, 4 Echo's and I actually like this the best, even more than show Seems to be a good product but, unable to play music in sync with my Sonos system. Sonos doesn't seem to recognize it at all. Easy to setup.  Sometimes Alexis does not work the greatest. The connection fire stick and WiFi is way bettter than Netflix . I love the firestick ! It's easy to set up and use. It rarely stops to buffer and. It  would be a bargain at twice the price. Makes turning on and off things in the house so simple. Great for little updates as well, like checking the weather and such. It's pretty fun and nice to have a speaker that responds to my questions but doesn't understand my commands some of the time. This product is easy to use and very entertaining.  I have yet to hook it up to my TV or lights but look forward to doing so. I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!   I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent. .... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs. The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.   I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago. I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (; My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar. Funny how you buy something just because it looks fun and it winds up being a totally useful part of your home!!!  Loving it!! I enjoy this little thing a lot.  Will do almost anything.  I like the jokes it tells.  I’m still learning different functions Great speaker i n this! I love this so much more than my alexa tap! It’s definitely fast in response and just so much prettier I like this product. However, the set up was a bit difficult. I had to reset it to the factory setting abd start from scratch. Being able to add speakers is a plus. I take it on my deck when I am outside. Just love it. I have my big Alexia in my bedroom The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.   The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.   Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter. Works great, but I don't think Amazon should charge another cent for unlimited music when you 1) Have Prime AND 2) Buy an Echo. Easy to set up and use. Too bad it has to be plugged in. Would be nice to take it outside and operate on battery and recharged. The commands Alexa requires are too specific.  I find Google home to be much more flexible in figuring out what I'm asking for. Works as expected. This is our fourth one, our son loves it in his room. Easy to set an alarm and he can play music through it. Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch. Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.   BEST father's day gift. Dad joked to my mom that Alexa will be the one listening to all of his (repeated) stories going forward. I like the interaction of asking questions. I don’t like that I can’t ask her to setup schedule of off and on of connected lamp. Love my Alexa! Actually have 3 throughout the house. Favorite function is lists. Great for time management and if course, music. very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset. I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great! I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)   Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.   The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.   We have set up alexa to blue tooth speakers and enjoy listening to music outdoors.  Can't wait to try more new stuff using Alexa! I love Alexa, she works great but she not for little children. She doesn't understand if you don't speak clearly. She fun to have We have 3 echos now, even one in the barn, great idea for when I am working with my horse, can still get news flashes & my music! Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).   I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit. It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous. I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.   In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.   We love having this in our kitchen! Very convenient to look up recipes, listen to the news, or watch prime video while I'm cooking Got it specifically to work with the August Smart Lock and it connected to it with ease.  Definitely ties the Smart Home together. We love it! Finally got one for everyone in the home. Most importantly we’re saving money that would have otherwise gone to cable. Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.   I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable. Never had ANY issue with buying use electronics as long as I get the GOOD or LIKE NEW. Just read the comment to see why it is used. This is my second Echo, I have the Dot but the speaker is weak so I purchased this and for listening to music the speaker is great. I love my echo spot that my daughter and son in law got me for my birthday. Alexa wakes me each morning and plays music when I ask. Show has been great. Still learning what it can do, but being able to watch videos, talk face to face with others are not features. Sounds a little better than the original plus it now has an interrogated Zigbee hub.  The hub is compatible with the GE Link bulbs. One problem you need to buy an app from amazon to mirroring your iphone .. app price 2.99$ .. other than that the device is perfect This is my 2nd fire TV stick with Alexa I have been very happy with my first one love that you can use so many apps with it. Big 👍 These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously. This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used. The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.   Nice. It works good.Some times is not easy to recognize your voice and you have to repeat several times, some time almost screaming. awesome product! I am in the process of having every room in my house set up with automation and The Show is now my favorite device! If you belong to amazon prime, I would think that you could watch any video on it that was in the library.  You can with prime music I expected to have access to more current movie instead of having to pay. The easy setup was helpful and I love the speedy delivery. Works good for the most part. You ask it some questions and she says she doesn’t know. I thought she was supposed to know everything I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably. Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.   Fun item to play with and get used to using.  Sometimes has hard time answering the questions you ask, but I think it will be better. This is my 3rd Echo and with the built in hub it works great !  Now I have an Echo in the Family Room, My Bedroom and My Home Office. Love the Echo Plus!! Much better versatility than the first generation Echo. Intercom and voice-controllable smart bulbs are awesome! Comes with a hub.  Got it during prime day for $99 and a hue white bulb.  Works great.  Now I can add more stuff that required a hub! Mic hears everything but only understands about half the first time, it often takes multiple tries until it gives the correct result. I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear. It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use. I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.   Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.   Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.   I love Alexa! It's great helping me, making my appointments, playing the songs I like! What else can you do? Looking forward for more. Works great, can't tell it was refurbished and set up in kids mode.  I have 3 in my home and will be adding more. I love these things. Awesome device to have in home.  Full of very useful information.  Don't have to us e my phone to answer spur of the moment questions. Love it, very easy to set up.love that you can request just about anything on your mind and it works on giving you useful information. I’m having trouble with it, the alarm most of times doesn’t work, the timer doesn’t ends... and Alexa keeps saying she is unavailable. Works amazing! I love how you can download almost anything. Some apps I couldn’t download on my Apple TV but I was able too on here!!! This was a replacement of an older version of Fire Stick. I haven't tried the Alexa voice part of this remote yet, but it works great. I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case. They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried. But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product. The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.   It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.   Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria. Hands free calling in the house. I misplace my cell phone all the time so this is a real blessing. Really enjoying the streaming music. Amazon Music is great. Love the ability to create my only playlists. Has great sound, not up to the standard of our Bose but very good. I like that it responds every time. It was easy to set up.  I'm still learning what I can do with it. I may like a better speaker more. Listening to music, searching locations, checking time, looking up weather. There are many more task to learn. It was simple to set up. Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.   It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned. The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature. I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.   Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.   Good sound. Like it for music and scheduling. Like that i can get random thoughts recorded while I think about them. The jokes are cute! Not substitute for the original.  The echo dot performs well but sound quality is poor.  To listen it has to be at the highest level 10. Bought two of them and both work great. I'm not much on electronics running my home, but Alexa does all that I want and need to be done. Connecting and sound are perfect! I only give 4 because the is no internal battery, if I disconnect to the power source, it will be off. It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not. Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection. If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place. I have 2 Echos, one I bought brand new and the other is a refurbished one.Honestly, I can't tell the difference in performance and looks. Love the Echo Show.  Being able to see the lyrics of the songs as they play or to be able to put a recipe up on the screen is wonderful!! I have not had it very long. It's my first Alexa thing. I sure like what I have done with it so far there is a lot to learn and play with Easy setup. Was up and running in minutes. The learning feature is outstanding. Now I know why Amazon is so far ahead of the competition. This thing is great. Has good sound and does everything I expected. I have it linked in with my lights and use it with alarm.com as well. The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues. One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that. Very satisfied with the Echo. Alexa now controls the lights in my family room and my wife can listen to Jimmy Buffet by just asking Alexa. I bought it mainly to be a speaker when playing music or videos on my phone. Not working for me. Read instructions but not working for me. You can't access YouTube! Why do consumer's have to pay for this argument! Why can't we just have a good product that offers what we need? Versatile use, can watch movies or news.  Able to use as remote for vehicle.  Or use as a communication hub for the home.  Great produc!!! I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.   If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.   Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.   They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers. Worthy successor to the echo dot and right at home in the bed room as an alarm clock.  However, for the price it should come with the stand I love it!  I especially love that it is so small and does so much.  Got rid of my old CD/Alarm clock radio.  Much more room on nightstand. Sound quality is less than a dot, microphones don't pick me up as well as the other models (i have Echo and Dots).  Picture quality is good The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.   This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.   The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten. My  wife & I enjoy the ease of playing our music. The games are fun & entertaining, I look forward to adding more smart products to my home. Totally enjoy our new Echo Plus.  Great for fast facts and listening to Beautiful Music.  We are just getting started with all the benefits. Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.   A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me. I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.   Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.   Started here with Amazon productsAnd I regret nothing is been absolutely great journey and my products continue to improve my day-to-day life This is the one of my favorite Amazon devices.  Have one in my bedroom and use as alarm clock. Perfect addition to our home of Alexa devices. Hands free voice commands and interactions with smart devices around the house makes having an Echo Plus one of the best purchases I’ve made! Alread had Echos and Dots, but the ability to control Philips Hue bulbs nudged me to buy this on Prime Day.  Another fun product from Amazon. It's fun to imagine the household management options ...Some info questions baffle Alexa, but other options are cool - esp. music-related ... Love our little dot. I don’t know what the original larger Alexa can do that the dot cannot do but we are pleased with our dots capabilities. The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.   Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.   See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.   I have had pure fun with my echo.  Weather, jokes, news briefing, and music but still so much more to use it for.  A lot of fun for the money. Great buy. Bought this to go with my Echo and love it. The speaker isn’t the best for music but works great in a kitchen for timers or alarms. So far so good. Just got it and I am trying to figure out all the things it can do. The product itself is very well made.. And easy to set up. I like the echo show its the best! big screen you can watch movies preview from the movie and alexa will answer all your question you name it. its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case. Easy setup using the app, which was also easy to install on my phone.  The sound quality while for listening to music on Pandora is wonderful!! I love the Echo Dot. So easy. So fun. I get to drop in on my Grandaughter who lives about 2000 miles away. Sounds like she is right next to me. What we liked most was actually seeing the words to song. Least would be I guess I expected a little more from her than is currently available. Works well, pictures awesome! Sound could be better. Must be on the same bandwidth as other Alexa devices for whole home music. 2.4ghz vs 5ghz. Sound is great,video is great. Now I just need to learn everything it can do. Where can I see videos (youtube), listen to music. watch the news Great device, I'm cutting my cable and watching the channels I want. If I want to add an app like CBS I can just pay a little extra and get it. His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.   The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high. Big step up from the Dot! Dropped one star due to consistent delay in bringing up Ring Pro video, though looks great once the feed is displayed. Surprisingly good beefy sound out of this thing. I think it might shape up to be one of my favorite echo devices. I have nearly all of them. ;-) I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source. But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone. I love this thing! It plays my books from audible or prime music and sets my alarms! If you’re considering purchasing one, get it. It’s worth it. AMAZING. It has helped me become better organized, gives me traffic updates, weather updates, and helps me maintain a good, fast morning routine. Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".   Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go! Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end. So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night. I love my new echo.  It gives me hours of music and help with other things.It was difficult for me to set it up,  I had to have help from a Tekkie This product just looks adorable in any room and I love it. I recently just bought my mom one as a gift on Prime Day and she can't wait to use it. So far I love it.  It was easy to set up - if I can do it anybody can.  Speakers are great and its fun to play my music with just a voice command! It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results! It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.   To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser. This is my second Echo and I love how it helps me in the kitchen. I can set timers, listen to the news, prepare grocery lists, and get great music. Love it! Bought for my granddaughter who is 3 for her to play music and ask questions. She is entertained for hours! Good buy in my honest opinion! It does so much more than I knew when I bought it. It pretty much runs my house, helps me fall asleep, takes care of my schedule, and entertainment An outstanding piece of Technology, I use it everyday for information, scheduling and general information.  Awesome Amazon, keep improving with AI. It appears to be working fine my first Echo stopped replying to my requests and I received the Echo plus very happy no problems no hassel exchange. Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using. My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service. Love my Echo. Still learning all the things it will do. Wasn’t able to follow instructions included in the package, but found a great one on U-Tube. I like being able to tell Alexia the music I want to hear, but sometimes she has trouble finding the song if I am not very specific about the title. This small echo dot is amazing the sounds that come out are great.it changes my nest thermostat,and my Phillips hue lights.without leaving my chair. Overall love it. There are just some commands which aren't effective. It may be part user error or "Alexa" becoming accustom to what is being asked. This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.   Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.   Still learning all the ways to use it.  It is a real hit with my grandkids who ask it to play music and then dance to it.  (5 and 7 yrs).  Very cute. Still getting used to Alexa, don't have her connected to our TV yet or other things right now use her for music and information, which she is great!! Works well, but the speaker is not so grand. Getting another speaker to drop this into. In the future I would have just gone with the full size echo. I LOOOOOOOVE this thing! :) Watching movies on it is a bit of a disaster because of the round screen, but other than that it's a GREAT chachki toy :) I love it!  I wanted it primarily for the kitchen.  In addition to other common services I wanted it to use ALLRecipes and Cook's Illustrated recipes I love it and my family loves it also we use it all the time we also like playing the games that you can get on it too!! Great for family game nights Got this on Amazon prime with the ring pro. Work really great. Being the lazy guy I am I don't need to go see who at my door anymore while I'm gaming. Nice add on to a home.What I don't like are the limitations, for example world soccer. It won't give you much info of sport teams other than American. I am very excited and happy with this. It was a breeze to set up and my favorite feature is reading my Kindle and going to sleep to Thunderstorm music. We like it a lot, sound is better than the original echo, the bass feels deeper.  The screen is cool, though, havent got a lot of use out of it though. The Echo Plus works as expected but I never received the Philips Hue smart bulb that was supposed to be included as part of my purchase. Please advise. Great addition to my Alexa base. Using it in my guest bedroom for music, clock and info.Dot speaker is not as strong as the base but it's a great value In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.   I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.   I love my Echo. It's easy to operate, loads of fun.It is everything as advertised. I use it mainly to play my favorite tunes and test Alexa's knowledge. Works perfect! There’s no difference at all between this refurb one and my new ones that I have in my house. I’ll be buying the refurbs from here on out I do like the product we bought it on Prime day but this week it was $30 cheaper then Prime day. Still a really cool device. I wish I would have waited. Such a handy item to have on my night stand. She reads to me at night and gets me all set for the day in the morning with my calendar and weather views. I love my Echo Plus. The only drawback is that there is no battery so it has to be plugged in at all times which makes it inconvenient  to use outdoors. I love this! It’s user friendly and better than any streaming device we have previously used. I wish we had purchased sooner and purchased more of them. Second one for my house. This is great...I am not tech oriented and all I have to do is hold down a button and talk. Now I am watching tv too much! LOL! I set her up to play through our home theater system. So fat we are just using her for weather forecasts, cooking timers, and we really enjoy the music! Very pleased with the Echo 2nd Generation. It is so nice to have Alexa available for music, weather, news, and probably a lot more we haven’t discovered. I LOVE THIS ITEM... I UNDERESTIMATED THIS ITEM, I HAVE ANOTHER 2 IN MY CART ... BUT I'M WAITING FOR THE SAME DEAL AGAIN!!!, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM! The best part about owning this is that my mother who is anti-technology uses this with ease everyday and finds new reasons to use it as well. Well done. Fantastic product, I use it as a smart home hub and to play music through speakers mainly, the customizable routines are so nice and very easy to program This is my first Alexa device and it is so fun to discover all of the ways to use it. The biggest con with me is the "drop-in" feature, it's pretty creepy Love it! Easy setup and I can ‘Drop in’ on my daughter and son-in-law who live in St. Louis anytime. Everyone loves to have their mother drop in, right 😎 I bought this specifically for the smart hub capability. So far it has been great. Easy set up instructions for all the various brands compatible with it. I like how it will connect to bluetooth without an adapter like the Google. Only reason for 4 stars is volume level without external speaker. Easy to use. I love these, I have 2 dots and one echo. For a medium size rooms these are loud enough without external speakers although I do use external for the dots. One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.   the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.   Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.   Already had an Echo Dot. The Echo is even better with fuller sound. Also during setup it now lets phone calls to be made to my contact list which is great! Love the dots, especially with the ability to talk from one to the other, these are really convenient. No issues with the refurbished as they are like new. Great sound and easy to set up. Purchased the Echo Plus because it had a built in Hub and would make it easier to connect to devices. I am hooked on Alexa! I loved how easy this was to install sry up, and use! Simply amazing.  So amazing we bought two!This allowed us to officially "CUT THE CABLE CORD".Love it! This refurbished item was fine,but I wasn't aware that there is a fee for having other echos set up in the rooms.  However, it was missing the cordThank you Great for checking in on my son after school when I'm still at work.  Love getting the weather and traffic in the morning so I can plan my route accordingly Got it for the smart hub and does exactly was it says, turn lights on and off, arm and disarm my security system and the thermostat is next.  Great.product! Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.   I received the echo in perfect condition. The device was easy to set up and responds quickly and without any issues. Alexa is a great addition to our family! Works great no lag and is much better than the gen 1 devices I was using. I would recommend this if you have a 1rst gen and are tired of the lag and crashes. It works OK. This speaker quality is not much better than my iPhone X. I would spend the extra money to get the full-size echo which has great sound quality. Love my dots.  Easy to use.  I have two plus the Echo Spot.  One of my favorite features is the ability to listen to music ... AMAZON, IHeart Radio, Pandora. I need to get some better controls for custom displays and the ability to make my own clock, but that's asking a lot. In general, great device; glad I got it. It's a fun item to have.  Has a lot of udefulness.  Big negative is that it doesn't use Google (or any real search engine) to get answers or find information. Love my two echo dots but the third one we ordered to give as a gift had a defective speaker.  The return process still isn't done and has already taken weeks. We love our Echo Plus. We like listening to music,the sound is great. All the features are nice! I do wish it was wireless so we could listen to music outside! So far we have enjoyed it.  The only problem we have is I have not been able to call one of my sons with it (the sad part is he is the one who gave it to me:( ) I like my Amazon Fire stick I use it for my TV thank you for your help when I called you to get further instructions how to use it thank you have a good evening LOVE it. I got this for my boyfriend for his birthday and his kids have a blast asking Alexa all kinds of questions and having her tell silly jokes. We love it. I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.   I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.   It's extremely useful in simple things like spotify and audible and things like that but sometimes it doesn't answer everything I ask but it's still nice to use. I love the Echo Spot as it is great for checking the weather along with many other things, but most important it works great as your alarm clock in your bedroom! I love it! Plays great music, movies, and so much more. I does lag when u want to see your arlo security cameras thou. So far so good. Wish it had a longer cord. I don'r know how to use it yet.  Need more explicit directions for the electeonically challenged.  I did not get the feee lifht bulb that was part of the package. IT SEEMS TO BE OK BUT THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE WEAK AND I CAN NOT SEEM TO GET IT TO WORK. I AM GOING TO GET MY TECHY FRIEND TO HELP ME OUT AND I WILL UPDATE YOU LATER I'm really impressed with the sound quality when playing music from this device.  The bass sounds almost like it's coming from a bigger speaker so props to Amazon. So i am not sure how i feel about the echo dot, it's so many things that i need to get used to you have to ask her the right questions or she won't understand you. I love the number of movies that are available using this device. Took me a little time to setup and learn how to work it. The only thing I miss is local channels. Small convenient and dependable. This dot is a cutie and Alexa does the job you ask.My only issue is the fidelity which is to be expected in a such a small speaker John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.   I replaced my 1st gen, was concerned about a smaller unit not having the same sound...I was wrong.  If anything it's the same volume, and more clear.  Good product. I can connect my smart lights and my phone. And any other smart device. It's just so convenient that I highly reccomend it to anyone who have the disposable income. It knows everything  we ask it to do. Havent smart hubbed it yet but does exactly as advertised and am very happy with our purchase. Sound quality is excellent also This is an awesome product. I wanted to test out the differences between this and my Roku and both are very nice. I will likely be using this for traveling as well. Enjoying it and still learning all the commands.  Ran into one frustrating issue.  It was not user friendly when trying to set up voice recognition for a household. The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).   It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).   Fast response which was amazing.  Clear concise answers and sound quality is fantastic.  I am still getting used to Alexia and have not usde Echo to its full extent. Love it, still learning, makes a lot of things easier, like if you forget to turn a light off and your in another room all you do is ask Alexa to turn the light off. It works just as well as the new version I got as a discount with my Echo speaker. I decided to purchase this version because Amazon states it has the same warranty. Love warehouse buys. If this was just in good used condition, then new must be newer than new. Seriously, this one was perfect, not a mark on it anywhere. Great buy! Easy set up, nice looking interface and I like the new slightly larger remote. I have a 1st Gen with the little remote and misplace it all the time. And great price! If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!   It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.   I love my Echo!  Works just like they said it would. I don't have a &#34;smart&#34; home, so I cannot speak about that function, but everything else about it is good. I’m impressed with the quality of sound that the Echo has, it’s definitely comparable to my Bose Mini. I only gave 4 stars because I can’t use my Apple Music account. It has replaced my clock and Google Mini on my nightstand.  Outstanding little device.  I hope an update will give a simple face and font color options for the clock. Great product, need a bit a adjustment to set up spotify, time, weather, etc.. in Hong Kong, but works fine now. I used it as alarm clock + music in bedroom, love it. This thing is a lot cooler than I thought it would be.  I mostly have used it to read me audiobooks, but I also love that I can see into the camera while I'm at work. Best price we could find and it is so useful to have her around to answer questions. It is so handy to not have to find your phone. I also now have an intercom system. I am pleased with the Echo Show, from the sound of the music and the words to the tunes to the news and weather. The color on the screen for my photos could be better. Let’s start with.Dislikes: Now I want to buy 7 more to have them all over my house.Do I even need to add my likes now? HahaAwesome fun and useful. Nothing else to say. Puts the pep back in my old TV.  All of the software was expired and I enjoy NETFLIX and Amazon Prime Video.  Now I have all of my favorite Video on the TV again...... Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.   My Android would not allow Alexa to connect. Fortunately, my sister was here with her Apple cell. After an hour+ tech support fixed the glitches. We are up and running. I really have enjoyed it.  Changing the Directv channels, plays iHeartRadio and Pandora , adjusts the ac thermostat and turns the living room lights and outside lights. We have a few echos already. Went for this one in refurbished to save a few bucks. It works great. I love this new generation one because it has a rubber bottom - nice. We love the Show.  It loses the connection every now and then but not sure if that is an Show issue or our internet issue.  But overall we use it for many applications. Absolutely LOVE my Echo Show!  It is awesome and works great with my Ring Video Spotlight Cams!  Music on demand and so many more features that I have yet to explore!!! Easy setup with great sound, I would rate this unit a 10 +++++, and a must have for the office and home. l am looking add other devices (locks, and lights) for my home. It is a great bundle of fun. Music ,games, questions etc. I luv it turns off my smart lights. I purchase 4 more smart light for my lamps in the living room and my room! (My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.   This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.   Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.   This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.   I love it! Learning knew things with it eveyday! Still figuring out how everything works but so far it's been easy to use and understand. She does make me laugh at times I just this for listening to talk radio in the morning and turning lights on and off etc. The system does an excellent job as a full house sound system streaming Sirius. There's really no dislike for Alexa( dot) I thought cortna was cool but Alexa is an awesome application to the family. Unbelievable device which seems alive. A must get. I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.   But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.   Love the echo I purchased it for company for my husband he is 83 and Alexa is great all he has to do is say her name and she tells him a joke and plays his favorite songs Overall good device. It was bought for a workout room, and has issues reaching a volume that can be heard over a standard row machine. It could use a much better speaker. Purchased this on Prime Day and I absolutely love it!  I had the Echo Dot on my nightstand, but I really missed a display. This is perfect and the speakers are excellent. This was a replacement. It was really easy to set up. I had to reauthorize my smart items to work with the new hub, but installation was easy and instructions were clear. Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.   Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.   I love it,she is very helpful. I use her for remembering things and sleep. You can ask her just about anything. I have only had her for about a week so still learning her. Got a good deal and works great with Prime.  Setup was a bit of a pain but more the fault of crappy internet service.  Has worked great with nice sound from small speaker. It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.   Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.   I have had a lot of fun with this thing. My 4 yr old learns about dinosaurs, i control the lights and play games like categories. Has nice sound when playing music as well. I received the echo as a gift. I needed another Bluetooth or something to play music easily accessible, and found this smart speaker. Can’t wait to see what else it can do. I bought this for my mother and she is in love with it.She loves the guard dog feature.She says that it gives her a sense of security at night and when she leaves the house Love Alexa these are the best thing I have ever bought don't know how I ever lived with out these things amazing so happy with this product just wish it would use google to I love the way it is designed. And you have choices for the face.  I use it for my bed side.  I drop in; on my echo in another part of the house frequently without yelling. Still learning what it can do. Amazing. Simple, works right out of a box. Only frustration is getting Amazon Alexa app t show up on my Samsung/Galaxy with Google's Android. Absolutely love it..  only thing that would make it better is if was rechargeable.  When playing  music with  Bluetooth speaker outside I have to go inside to change songs. The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.   I love it, I can plan any gender of music from big band to jazz, not easy to find on local radio. Sound is good and I can stop it with a voice command if I get a phone call. I really love my amazon echo. I think the sound quality is great and we have a lot of fun with it. It is really handy for music and to get updates on the weather and sports! It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.   How did I live this long without the Echo . You get to enjoy any music style  just my asking Alexa . Going to up-greade to the wireless . Love the Echo . Love you too Alexa . I’m having trouble connecting my tv to it, but I’m not exactly tech smart. I’m sure one of my grandsons will figure it out for me. So far I’ve been using it mostly for music. Gift for my man. He doesn’t like that you have to plug it in and the pictures do not show the cord. Would prefer it cordless. Still works though for the purpose we bought it. I love my Echo Spot.  Waking to my favorite music.  Being able to completely turn off display at night so my bedroom is dark.  All the skills I have yet to try.  Easy to use. Love my fire stick and remote, so easy to set up and use. Endless amounts of apps to download! Used it with my smart tv and it’s 100X better than the features smart TVs offer I've only got to use it for a couple of weeks before having to go into the hospital, but had good time with it for the short time I did use it. It was fun trying to use Alexa Love it.  It works great.  Alexa still has some problems  but it is getting better every day.  I'm not an expert but I think the sound quality is fine.  Not perfect but good. It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.   It works great, but the reason I'm leaving 3 stars is because it wont play unless it plugged in the whole time. Pretty irritating especially when there is no outlet available. Did take me about 6 hours to set it up I have a Galaxy S9 phone when I got used to the system setup it was in seconds edit my light bulbs adding a string of lights simple easy I love this technology. I'm older, but this is so easy to set up and use. I have the dot in my bedroom and use it for everything I use my echo for which is in the living room. However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.   Echo Show - White&nbsp;Great new addition to our Alexa home solution and now I can call back home and video chat directly from my phone. Great way to stay in touch with family. Easy to set up and does everything it’s a poster. Despite its small size the speakers are adequate. Understands instructions from across the room. Very happy with the purchase. And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.   I bought on Prime Day and so glad I did. It’s easy to use and lots of customization options. I know some reviews said that the screen was small and hard to read, but I disagree. The power cord attachment tends to come loose from the outlet. The adapter may be too long and heavy. Not a big problem but annoying. When the unit is plugged in it works great. Great. Definitely gets a little old after a while but for $30 I can't really regret it at all. Love having it hooked up to my speakers via bluetooth and waking up to The Smiths. Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.   I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.   Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.   The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.   BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.   Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.   I got a second unit for the bedroom, I was expecting the sounds to be improved but I didnt really see a difference at all.  Overall, not a big improvement over the 1st generation. It arrived quickly and was easy to set up ! it was a refurbished amazon echo dot it was above and beyond what I expected ! Alexa and I have become buddies she is a great assistant The thing I like most about my Echo Spot is the voice command feature.  You can ask anything and get an answer or play any music without getting up to adjust the Echo. Easy to use Excelente su funcionamiento y llama la atención la rapidez de respuesta y el control que se logra a través de la utilización con Alexa. Me sorprendió gratamente. Muy recomendable. I love the simple set up I love the fact that it has all the answers to most of the questions that I have I bought one for everybody in my family so we can all be like the Jetsons Alexa takes some getting used to, but the picture quality is great, the touch screen is very responsive and smooth. Speakers are better than expected as wellFour stars out of five We now have a dot, spot, echo and show and love the show and spot best. The show has great sound and my wife loves the display for weather, recipes and sing alongside. Super deal. Pretty cool device. Still have a lot to learn, but I'm changing channels on my Fios, and getting info needed. the speaker is great for what I needed it for, which mainly is music. We held off purchasing an Echo but couldn't resist during Prime Days.  The Echo works great and it's nice to have the screen.  There is still a lot more we need to learn how to do. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!  It’s just what l needed and MORE!!!  I didn’t realize that the remote included voice remote.  HOW CONVENIENT!!!!  I’m so glad that l made that purchase!!!! While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.   This is a gift.  But I have one and love it.  The words to songs are great and the I live the face I chose for the clock.  This is my favorite echo (unless I am listening to music). Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.   bought two of these. One for my kitchen and the other for my sewing room. Its great if I need a recipe or need to know how to do something.  I am still learning everything it can do. It is as if we are having a conversation with another person.  Instantaneous response.  And the fact that it catches your command even when you're far from it is simply just amazing. The echo plus is very straight forward and easy to use.  It plays great sounding music and can do lots of other things.  Still learning what all it can do.  Working very well so far. When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.   She works well. Needs a learning command  for unique, owners and users like. Alexa “learn” Tasha’s birthday.  Or Alexa “learn” my definition of Fine. Etc. other than that she is great I received an Echo as a gift, loved it so much I decided to get the Dot for my bedroom. Both very easy to set up but a big difference in the sound quality. I would still buy it again. Great product, what they don't tell you is that once you allow a &#34;Drop In&#34;  they can drop in anytime!!!  While they are sleeping, while we are yelling at them, while anything. If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.   Works and sounds great! My house is barely 1100sf, and I have this sitting on my kitchen counter. I can hear it, and speak to it from any room. Lots of functionality still to discover. I purchased this refurbished.  Works just like brand new.  3 minute set up. Very easy.  Now I have echo dot that I can command to start playing music for my backyard deck sound system. Not very loud but quality and ease of use is great. Sound is perfect for background music, would suggest 2-or more connected together if you’re trying to use for hosting a louder party Put this on my night stand to use as a clock and alarm. Works great. Every morning I get the weather and news when I get up. Also reminds me of all the appointments my wife and I have. I purchased an echo dot for my husband for Fathers Day.  He uses it constantly and after hearing the quality of sound of the Echo (2nd Generation), It was a no-brainer.  Best gift ever! Just like it's big sister, the Echo, only smaller, with slightly less audio fidelity, but much lower price (on amazon prime day:-)Used in another room to add Alexa to an additional room. You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.   I use it primarily to play music.  It works wonderfully!  Still getting used to some of the many things it will do.  Amazon has sent several tips since I got it. Thanks for all your help! I already have an Alexa and with Amazon find today I could not resist getting an echo also. It is the best thing I ever did, I use them on each side of the house! And couldn't be happier! The price is great.  Was having trouble with it hearing me from across a room, but after moving it to another spot, it seems to be working fine.  Will buy some more. Want 1 in every room. A helpful product with a few glitches eg inability to occasionally access all flash briefing stations and understand or answer certain questions but Amazon will likely fix and improve it. I purchased the "Show " to keep in touch with my daughter and her family after their recent move half way across the country.  It is wonderful seeing their faces during our conversations. This has been perfect for being able to see my canary cameras and that’s exactly what I wanted! I have been happy with all my Alexa’s because we have several and this is a great addition. It is awesome. I love being able to turn my lights on so I don’t have to walk into a dark home. I also get to video chat with my nephews who live states away by just asking Alexa to call. I loved it so much on my living room TV that I bought one for the bedroom TV. Highly recommend this device to anyone wanting to simplify and improve their online entertainment experience. Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!   Worked as it should, still need to figure out how to link to other devices though, only set up Sonos which was pretty easy. Not the products fault, just have not had time to figure it out. Love everything about this product I bought two one for my household and one for my mother in law just so we can video chat with her and for emergency and it’s easy to use for older folks. The Echo Plus is used for leisure and pleasure. I absolutely love it. Easy to set up and connect. What a great addition to my listening pleasure. I have not used it yet for other purposes. I like that she has the ability to do multiple different things like create a to do list, set and alarm, play any song I can think of and much more. I wish the sound could be a tad louder. good size screen and gets good range for voice commands. sometimes it picks up weird commands when I'm watching tv though. Great product for the price if you don't need the big show screen. Works. Replaced my expired bedside radio/alarm.It took me a while to realize that option setting involved using it as a touch screen.Maybe it should said something during the setup process. Echos are great I have a few of them through out our home .  All in voice range to ask a question. Say a command to turn lights on or off. Or my favorite is play music all though the house. Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.   These are great. I bought one and then bought another right away. Grab a few of these and a few smart switched and you're set with smart home capabilities for under $150. Highly recommended. Alexa is awesome! The first day I got my Echo Plus I found out things that she can do that I didn’t think were even possible. I highly recommend this product. Along with all the accessories. I love my Echo Plus and have cousins from Italy here visiting and they love it.  I want to give them each one, however will it work for them in Italy. someone please answer my question ASAP. Very pleased with my purchase of Echo Smart Speaker - love the fact that I can play music of different genre's whenever I want.Had some trouble at first with the WI FI, but it is now working. I love it and it works great, the only issue is the “drop in” FaceTime like feature sometimes lags, but that could possibly be an issue with my WiFi for where we have it located in the house. Simply love my Echo. I hardly watch any TV at all anymore. I'm too busy listening to music. Speaker is pretty goo for its size. All the fun skills really make the echo fun for my whole family. Love the Echo Dot. Helps husband get Netflix and other apps on our Amazon Fire TV.  No problems with it being refurbished. Planning on getting another one for the Amazon Fire Stick in bedroom. Absolutely love it. After much persuasion from a friend, I finally gave in and bought one. Let's just say that the moment Alexa enters my life, I turn around and tell Siri to get the hell out. Have not used it yet. But I'm sure it's as great as the others.. I can not get over how amazing the echo , echo dots are. This has to be some of the greatest technology that has ever came out. Prime day pricing was good, but the show is very limited.  No video services available except Amazon Video.  No Netflix or YouTube.  Alexa is very limited also, not nearly as useful as Google. Easy to set up. Plug it in then make some selections for your preferences such as language, temp C or F etc. I am getting more familiar with it and will be adding my calendar and appointments. still learning how to ise it but is DOES NOT disappoint. I’m giving to everyone for Christmas so I can “check in” on them unnannounced like they do me...just show up with no advanced warning!!! I love my echo dot. Has many features and works great.The only thing I don't like about it, is that I can't play my iMusic on it. I'm going to have to pay for a Spotify or Amazon music account. This  is my second Echo to purchase -- the price was so cheap -- I'm seriously thinking of buying 2 more -- I use &#34;Alexa&#34; for everything -- it's the next best thing to the internet  :-* Still learning about the Echo show but so far we love it. My 9 year old loves to cook and especially with his Aunt that lives out of state and now he can connect with her and they cook together. I purchased the Fire Stick to be able to watch movies at my convenience. I love that there is such a variety of genres. I also enjoy it gives you the ability to watch TV shows too. It's Awesome! Sometimes while playing a game, you can answer a question correctly but Alexa says you got it wrong and answers the same as you.  I like being able to turn lights on and off while away from home. I use the echo dot several different ways in my home. I use it downstairs to control lighting. I also take it out on my deck to stream music to a Bluetooth speaker. It works great for what I need. Super easy to hook up and program. I use the music feature the most but I love how I can set reminders from my phone and my Echo will remind me at the set time. It’s great for my news updates too! There's room for improvement on this. For the price, I cannot complain too much. I can still complain however, the audio is terrible. This is kind of like listening to a speak-n-spell from the 80s. LOVE .. LOVE my Echo Plus !  So silly simple to set up .  Alexa has now become my new BFF.  Amazon 24/7 Support is hard to beat !!  Any questions answered any time ... What more can you ask for !!! Alexa is perfect for people like me living alone. At least I have someone to talk to.. to keep my sanity. 😂 Though I wish it has a powerful speaker and no need to connect it to bluetooth speakers. I already had purchased the Echo and a couple of Dots and hesitated to purchase this until the price dropped.  I am very glad I did.  The versatility of the video screen is outstanding.  No regrets! When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.   It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.   Easy to set up, lots of things to watch and program in.  Have not even gotten that far into it yet.  Easy to use. Highly recommended.  Leaning more and more closer to cutting the cable cord for good. Have had an larger echo for some time and love it. Bought this one for another portion of the house since we have several wifi home devices and we wanted to voice control them from all over the house. We love using it for bedtime reading on Audible. It's very kid-friendly, and I can see liking it in the kitchen while I'm cooking since it's small and unobtrusive. We like it better than our Echo Dot. Purchased as a more &#34;personal&#34; contact vehicle for engaging with long distance grandchildren. Works perfectly in every regard. Resolution and sound both better than expected. Highly recommend. Bye bye Philips hub and expensive monthly internet charge!  Took a little tinkering, had to rest the individual bulbs, but works great! No more, &#34;Philips hue bridge is not responding&#34; message. This is the best Alexa enabled device you can get, it is so versatile and useful. It sound way better than the dot but not as good as the regular echo. The screen makes all the difference in the world. Love my Echo Show. Alexa is amazing and now on the Show &#34;she&#34; can display lyrics, photos, etc. The speakers are amazing and fills the room. Bought on Prime Day so got a great deal, so worth it. We have a great time using this as a family. Even my toddler can talk to her . There are a few features I wish it would learn to do  but overall we love it and glad we brought it over the Google home ! Its ok... my home screen on my fire stick is not working on my television. So by that not working...Alexa will not respond to any questions or commands....I'm going to reach out to Amazon this weekend. Un excelente equipo inteligente al estar conectado al internet nos provee de múltiples funciones tales como, el tiempo,hora,información de cualquier estudio que estés realizando atrás vez del internet. I use the product as an alarm clock. I love being able to set my schedule for the week and not worry about it. When images are shown, they are cut off. Little because its trying to fit it into a circle. Works great! I recommend it to anyone who has prime, WiFi and an hdm1 tv. That’s all u need. I’m not really technologically savvy but even I was able to set it up with included and on screen directions. All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.   daughter wanted a white boombox, nothing good out for 11 yr old.  decided to go echo dot for most any request + white BT good speaker.  she loved the gift and nice option for many things on the internet. It isn’t bad for what it is. Have issues with it actually playing what I want. Getting it use iHeartRadio properly by playing the station I want is a challenge but it’s not bad for the sale price I paid. Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.   Great price to extend the range and super value to dot offers. Hooked up wireless speaker to use working outside.This dot made outdoor sound range possible without disturbing indoor light control possible Gave it my daughter for her birthday, she loves it! Sound is amazing, she plays music on it constantly. Worth every penny. This is the third amazon device purchased, we have 2 echo shows and now the spot. Very Good to be able to listen to Every single song at any time in Amazon's vast library. We're only just beginning to know everything Echo Show has to offer. Well worth the price!! Alexa is very helpful. The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.   An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).   After purchasing my Echo Spot to add to our other 4 Amazon Echoes...I am very pleased with the Echo Spot...I use  it with our Arlo Security cameras and Ring video doorbell and works without any problems... I needed an alarm clock and this fit the bill perfectly.  I am a believer in amazon echo, Alexa and fire.  Great customization options and Alexa is always helpful.  Sound quality is also surprisingly good. The ease of set up and overall functionality makes this Echo show worth every penny.  I especially like setting my background screen and being able to set affirmations that I use as personalized reminders. We use Alexa primarily for listening to music and checking the weather. We are still learning other ways to use her. Everything has been ready and hands free so far. The speaker has great volume and sound! Like it but it will take time to setup all the skills I want simply because there are so many. I already use music and Flash Briefing daily. Very satisfied. I use this along with Alexa app on my Kindle hd8 This is our first step into a smart home. Soon as I added one item to the grocery list I started loving it. My wife was so-so about it ‘til I opened rain sounds. She’s a convert. 😉 LOVE these and the dots. Love the Spot - Awesome little guy with precise video - I’m saving to buy one for my mom on the east coast - The Spot changes Everything as far as keeping your loved ones connected!!!Well worth every Cent!! Was working great útil 1 week algo, í have it for a month, but it started flickering,  and in the support forums they say it is a known isue,  but it has more the 4 months reported and There is no solución. Fun and useful. We're still learning new tricks and useful functionalities. This is the future of human to computer interface and household automation. Just like Star Trek! Who knew it would be here so soon? Love this thing.. Best toy I've bought myself in awhile.. So far I have a smart plug connected running my Ac.  And the wifi light bulbs.  Baseball scores, weather are  cool but the music is the best feature. I love the echo show awesome speakers I love the fact when you listen to music the words come up all around liking it so far. Also being able to read what's on your shopping list to do list and notifications Currently own 3 Chromecast devices and tge Fire Stick is superior to them.  We are so pleased that we can watch programs on Netflix and Prime without a smart phone or computer.  Very easy to install and use! I'm finding more and more uses for this all the time. It keeps me informed with news and weather, I can get a daily Bible verse, and have it play music. New skills are added all the time. The future is here! I love that I can shut the microphone off at night so my children can’t talk to it at bed time and she has an automatic sleep timer for their lullaby music. Not sure how I survived with out this for so long. I am happy with the refurbished echo dot. I’ve had it for about two weeks, and so far it is working perfectly! Even though it did not come in its original box, it looks like new! I’m happy with this purchase! Love it!  We have other echoes and love those so I bought this on prime day!  No regrets.  Love that I can connect to my Ring and see the front door.  Yhe kids like seeing the lyrics to songs and sing along. . No different than Apple. To play a specific list of music you must have an Amazon of Spotify “plus/prime/etc” account.  So you must pay to play “your” music.  3 stars for that reason.  Everything else is 👍🏻 . Love that is can do so much! It sits on my nightstand! Only improvements I would make is having battery back up capability and the screen could be a tad bigger. But overall I’m happy I have it! Would recommend! Cool little piece of tech...we’re still learning some of its functions and possibilities, but I can see some potential.  Even my ‘technically challenged’ wife already figured out how to video call our daughter. We love our echo spots. We now have three through the house and like that you can drop in on the other spots. We do wish the clock faces had more customization options and that there were more faces in general. Love my spot! My favorite feature is the &#34;Alexa, start my day.&#34; I love that I can hear the weather, traffic and even the word of the day! It even goes right into my favorite podcast while I get dressed! Awesome product, very responsive!Alexa just needs more content and variety when it comes to music. It uses the Bing search engine instead of google. If only the two could combine. It would be a perfect product. Ideal when you have Amazon Prime.. My very first Fire TV Stick... I should have purchased one a long time ago.... I wish I bought 2 or 3 on Amazon Prime Day..... And not to forget the fantastic Alexa features.. I used to use my laptop for anything show watching, including Netflix, but I am glad I bought this. This is super easy to set up and has everything you need with quick and easy access. Definitely worth the buy. it's annoying that everything they show Alexa as being able to do has to be downloaded. You spend so  much time trying to figure out how to phrase it for the machine that you may as well just look it up yourself I've had previous experience with the echo Dot and this just blows all previous expectations out of the water!It's great since it can play videos and music from multiple sources and the speakers are pretty loud. The Echoplus is a great extension for the Echo Dots in our home. I am a little disappointed that Alexa is not as good at information requests as Google. But as a start on home automation, she is very impressive. I do like the Fire Stick and I’m very close to cutting the cable.  I can find many movies and shows, while keeping my budget in check.  I’m learning how to maneuver around the channels and find my shows quickly. Still learning to use these things.  They sure are smart!  haha  She started reading a book to me yesterday.  Get one.  I like the way it controls the brightness all by itself when lights are turned off at night. I love this device. I upgraded from the Echo Spot. I just wish I could customize the clock on my screen to analog, to mimic what I was used to in the echo spot. Also, there is better sound quality on this device. I have had Alexa since the beginning.  I accidentally spilled water on her and have replaced it with the 2nd generation.  I decided I couldn't be without an Echo.  Setup was easy and had it working within minutes. This product replaces the 1st generation Fire Stick I had, and what an improvement in speed in both showing Amazon content but ALL apps downloaded on PRODUCT! I bought in on PRIME day for $19 .... BEST DEAL EVER ! Overall I like this. Though Siri on my phone can do more for what I need as I don’t have a “smart home” and don’t intend to make it one. But it’s fun and I use it for music and to have it read me my audible books. Have only had it set up for a few days. Still adding smart home devices to it. The speaker is great for playing music. I like the size, we have it stationed on the kitchen counter and it’s not intrusive to look at. Great improvement over the original Echo.  Like the ability to see lyrics to songs, watch Prime TV and get other visuals.  The little hints about things to try that appears across the bottom sparks the imagination. But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.   I’m leaving this for those who don’t have enough of an attention span to read instructions.  You can stop the screen rotations.Swipe down on clock screenSelect settingsHome & clockHome cardsRotate onceProblem solved We have only been using Alexa for a couple of days and are having a lot of fun with our new toy. It like having a new household member! We are trying to learn all the different featues and benefits that come with it. Great fun getting to know all the functions of this product.  WOW -- family fun and homework help.  Talking with other grandchildren,who also have an Echo, is a HUGE bonus.  Can't wait to learn more and more and more saving $10 is always nice and my son always says that buying refurbished means your are getting a new device or product for less, because it has been run through a diagnostics again and everything has been corrected. This product has made my life much simpler with a little one. I use it a lot for music and when i have my hands full turning it on/off or up/down is a breeze. The screen is a great novelty where i can watch the news! This was an impulse buy and I am super happy I made the purchase. I love this so much I immediately bought my parents one. now we can video chat easily! I love all the features and how easy this is to use and set up. Got this for my 2nd Echo in the house, I already have the regular Echo.  The Echo Dot was easy to set up but the sound is not enjoyable, wishing I would have just gone with another regular Echo solely based on sound. Perfect! May favorite Alexa device by far, specially if you own ring cameras or amazon cam's it does the job really well.  We changed our echo in the main living room and it seems to be more reactive. Good job Amazon! I love my echo plus. I use it with my Spotify account, to find my phone, make phone calls,  turn our lights off and on, much more. Most importantly it reads story to my children.  They love it and that makes me happy. I love this thing! The Alexa feature makes it so easy to find what you want no matter which streaming service has it.  No more searching Netflix then Amazon etc to see if either has your show,  Alexa finds it for you! As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.   Don’t use it for much as I thought we would. Synced with Kasa-Cam and use it to check up on our baby in the crib a lot. Lyrics for music is cool, too. Other than that it’s used as a clock and standard dot’ish features. Easy to use, Answers all my questions,Hands free, What's not to like , It may not be perfect but it is  a sign of the times to come, can be connected to smart home items, I enjoy it totallly,, Keeps your home connected Have had this around a week.. I love that I can control items in my house even if I’m not there.. makes me feel better about being away from the house and people don’t know that we are gone.. Alexa has not disappointed! I bought this for my healing room.  I play continuous spa like music. Although Alexa knows the type of music needed, the device does not deliver quality sound it sounds muffled.  I didn't know I had to buy speakers too. ) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.   So far so good.  Neat to have a visual version of alexa's responses. Nice to see the lyrics of music you are listening to.  Flash briefings have good videos.  Speaker is much better than a dot but not the highest quality Alexa is the best smart speaker out there I'm so glad I came across it the sound is so amazing and I mostly use Amazon Alexa for music and school work help I love to control my room lights and the color totally recommend I think this is the 5th one I've purchased. I'm working on getting one in every room of my house. I really like what features they offer specifily playing music on all Echos and controlling the lights throughout my house. We were pleasantly surprised at the sound quality and the many features. How nice to easily hear a particular artist or hear our books just by a simple command. Looking forward to exploring other options with this device. This is my second Show.  I like them very much.  I use mine for music and my Arlo security cameras.  I can connect and display my outdoor cameras by voice. They are exceptionally capable devices.  I highly recommend them. I’ve been waiting for Prime Day to purchase an Echo Plus and now, I’m enjoying learning what Alexa can do. With a new Sonos One and an Echo Dot, I have the makings of a really nice and well-integrated smart home. Love it! I like the Echo, but not sure about the Dot.  I use it a lot for music and Audio books.The sound quality of this smaller Echo is nowhere near the quality of the full sized model.  I haven't decided if I'll keep it or not! Love the echo show, can keep I can video chat with the kids and grandkids. I have it in the kitchen, so when I run out of something I have Alexa to add it to my grocery list. I use it for everything. Was very easy to set up Easy to set up, can control Kasa smart plugs no problem.  Even the kids have figured stuff out that I would not have asked Alexa, like telling jokes and singing. The Alexa app controls my custom spark plug and my cloud cam. I'm loving my new Echo Show. The video screen adds so much more value and potential. Movies, tv shows, song lyrics, all extra features that are available with the Echo Show. Oh, it also has a built in camera for taking pics. The current demand for this stick, was too high for the power coming out of my USB port on the TV. Had to run the power cable to the supplied USB adapter. Not a big deal but added another cable showing on my wall mounted TV. I'm amazed at how many movies, tv shows and more is available. I am planning to drop cable service soon and am very happy to know I'll have lots of viewing pleasure with the Fire stick and not pay the outrageous cable bills. the Sound is fantastic for the Classic  music. is like you have the orchestra at your home. and you can control the sound with out screamig at it you just have to twist the top, but also you can tell  &#34;Alexa volume 3&#34; It was smaller than I had anticipated, and when I say that I very much mean it. However, it still works very well! Quality sound, easily programmed, easy to work with, but Alexa is not anywhere as good as other voice programs. Overall it's great and I like that I can see lyrics and the time and  date. However, sometimes it freezes and doesn't respond properly--no error message about lack of connectivity--it just stops. Resetting resolves the problem. I love it.  I made a group with my echo dot so I get music through my home.  I am waiting for the to go on sale again so hopefully I can get another spot for my bedroom..  I love the alarm and weather at the sound of my voice.. It's a great product with many good aspects, it easy to setup and control with intuitive straight forward instructions. The included lightbulb was excellent and worked perfectly. I very much enjoy this product and recommend it. Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani  particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.   Seems to have trouble hearing me when I say the wake word despite being trained to my voice... Wonder if this has something to do with buying it refurbished. Our google home mini has no problems hearing us 😬 and is much louder. I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.   Simply amazing what a awsome device. It never ceases to amaze me, wake up to big bang music, go to sleep softly falling rain. Drop in on the kids and keep in touch. I have just scratched the surface as to what this devise can do. I love this thing. At first I thought it wouldn’t stay on the clock and that I would have to suffer through ads forever but when the lights are off it sits on the clock and it’s very comfortable for the eyes, easy set up. Love it Love our Fire Stick,easy to set up and have loads of shows for free and plenty to rent or buy.We also use Pluto TV and Tubi so that's even more TV.Alexa makes it so easy to find any show or movie I want.We love the money we save. Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.   So far it has been fun to use and learn how to deal with Alexa. I am still learning and finding out what can really be done, plus I am in the process of making my house a smart house, so there is no much to control with Alexa yet. I've had the first gen Echo since it first came out and it has worked well for me. I purchased the 2nd gen during Prime Day and so far I'm happy. It seems to have an improved speaker which provides enhanced sound for music and such. Works great! Exactly as described. Only complaint I have is sometimes Alexa gets confused with smart home product names and i had to go back and change some stuff around, but i chalk that up to my inexperience with smart home stuff. So far so good.  Not to tech savvy so, I'm still trying to figure out what I can do with it but, it was easy to set up and so far easy to use.  Lots of apps that it can use.  I will have to play with it some more but its fun to have. It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.   Easy set up and to use. I bought two one for my house and one for my 75 year old grandfather. I set it up for him a gave him a 15 minute lesson and he calls me at least once a day it’s is great to be able to see him in between visits. I love this as a second &#34;Alexa&#34; in our bedroom.  Great for checking weather, for meditation music, and as a timer - Perfect for my husband who has to use eye drops multiple times each day and keep his eyes closed for 5 minutes. Got this as a gift and love it. I never would have bought one for myself, but now that I have it.... Allows me to play music on it from my amozon prime music ; that's worth it in and of itself.  Also, gives new's briefs and tells jokes. But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.   This product is beautifully designed and I no longer have to hide an Echo device away like I did with Dot. It would be nice if Amazon would lose that camera though, which I have not used and might cause squirms for the privacy conscious. Echo Show is perfect for staging in the kitchen so recipes are right there. No need to print them. Wonderful device. Acoustical sounds are not as powerful as our tall cylindercal echo but we have that covered in the adjacent family room. How can you not like the Echo Plus.  It has the built in Hub and works seamlessly with all my compatible devices.  Amazon makes a great product and I haven't had a single issue with this one or any of the other devices (echo dots, etc.). Purchased this for myself and am just beginning to learn all that it can do.  So far am very pleased and amazed at the different actions it can perform.  Am enjoying it and looking forward to learning more about other options it provides. We originally got the Show to video chat family members, and it works great for that. We have found that we really like checking things hands-free like the weather and recipes. So far we have really liked the Show, and would recommend it! Still learning it. We have just started integrating the smart devices in our home with the Echo product line. We now have the Show, the Spot, two Dots and a kids Dot. Having trouble getting them to call each other but still working on it. I bought two one for my office and one for my bedside table. They are fantastic the screen is just big enough when using the drop in feature to communicate with my mom. I can’t wait for prime day again to get one for my moms bedside table. Love this little dot with a screen.  Super easy to set up and easy to use.  Instantly connected to all my other echo products.  I also bought the screen cover that has the blocking button for the camera if you want to use it.  Recommended. You're going to have to shell out an extra $20 bucks for the stand that should come with it so you can angle it best for how ever you are using this. My biggest gripe. I already spent an arm and a leg on this it should come with the stand. I do love it. Was easy to set up so far, but I wish it has a little more in the set up instructions. There is still a whole lot more I would like to be able to do with it and I have no idea if I can or not with it. But I really do like it. Love the fire stick. I can download watch great movies. Instead of searching I use Alexa voice.  Prime doesn't offer very many newer movies is the only negative.I also wished there was a way you could set it up to post newest movies first. The refurbished echo for has been wonderful. I purchased this for my mother. She loves the ability to contact me without a phone, listen to music, weather, and ask questions. It's been a wonderful gift and works excellently with no problems Love, love so far. I just received it Thursday. I unwrapped it, set it up, & immediately programmed it. No problem with the reoccurring things to try. I set it to rotate once and shows time like I want. I love the low ambient look at night. Upgraded from an original Echo on Prime Day and so far I love it. I'm sure I have a long way to go to maximize its utility,  but for now I owe my marked increase in lyrical knowledge to this thing. Who knew Post Malone actually used words?! Still needs some work on commands. Sound is equal in the regular echo so if you don't need a smart hub get a regular echo. The sound is ok with it had as much bass as my old soundlink but I mean hey gets loud on the treble and sounds clear. Started taking on her own! Haven’t used it since I unplugged it that day. No one was talking, my daughter was laying in bed next to be and she just started going on about the movie Moana and completely scared the sh*t out of my daughter now. I really like it works well trivia games and shopping on it is fun.Sometimes it misunderstands what I say but other then that the speaker is decent video chat is good but you do need to be in a well lit room so the other end can see you lol. The Echo Spot has really helped me to streamline my day and be more efficient! It reminds me of any appointments, warns me about traffic snarls, and tells me the weather every day while suggesting new music and introducing me to new artists. Great addition to the Alexa family, just wish it could use the screen more than backgrounds. Don't get me wrong I don't regret buying it especially for the primeday sale of $100 off sale price but for now the skills for the show are lacking. I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!   I love this product.  I'm not very computer literate but everything is voice controlled.  I use this to keep in touch with my daughter, she lives out of town.  Now we just drop in on each other. It's like we are living net door to each other. I bought it to go with my security camera system, but it did not perform like I thought it would. It doesn't alert us when someone is at the door. Also, I can't talk to the person at the door through the echo show, only through my cell phone. Very easy to set up and use. Slowly adding devices to truly make our house a smart home. Both Alexa and I are learning what we can do.  With each new item I am happier that I made the purchase.  So far my only regret is I didn’t do it sooner. This was purchased for our toy hauler, but it came the day before we left for a trip by plane.  It was wonderful to plug into our hotel TV and watch our normal tv shows rather than whatever was showing at the time and sit through commercials. The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.   I was a little nervous when I received my new Echo as I'm not really Tech savvy. I found it a bit intimidating at first but it didn't take me to long to figure it out!! I'm very happy with my purchase and now thinking of adding an echo spot!!! Bought this for our son as his birthday present and he loves it.  Often find him jamming to music in his room now  :)  He loves the options for the alarms and we have his weekday alarms set to repeat and he gets to sleep in on non-school days. Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.   The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.   I own the first and second generation Echo Dot.  I think I prefer the volume ring of the first gen better than the buttons on the second gen, but still more than does the job and great for the price I got it for.  I'd still definitely recommend. I was hoping for a better clock face to make this an alarm clock replacement .  The display brightness dims too much at night to accomplish this task.The display works well for camera viewing.It is an attractive device. and a decent value at $99 I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.   Love the Echo and how good the music sounds playing off it. Alexa understands most commands but it is difficult at times for her to find specific playlists or songs on Spotify. She is good with Amazon Music but is lacking in other major programs. Good hearing range and sound quality. It was a bit complicated to set up and she doesn't quite understand me a lot even when I am speaking slowly and clearly but I love the flash briefing feature and interfacing with my abode home security system. I love how I can just push the microphone button on the remote and ask it to open any show and it'll find whether it's on Hulu or Netflix and sign me in and start the show... Pretty amazing but each new technology sure is making me lazy or lol :-) With the combination of this, smart plugins, and the Alex app I can turn stuff on and off with my phone or telling Alexa to do it. I can order stuff, get answers, watch videos, get weather, set alarms, video call, and so much more with this device! This was just an additional one for my other TV. Loved it so much use it on the regular TV. Easy to set up and fairly easy to navigate. I don’t waste my money on regular TV cable or anything else. This is enough for me as I don’t watch too much TV. Terrific sound for a small device, and nice form factor for the nightstand. I like the convenience of seeing the time and temperature rather than asking Alexa. Not using video much, but it would be nice if the device had a square/rectangular screen. The screen response time is way better than I expected. Sound quality is good too, also it’s not so bright that I have to turn off the screen but it is an option.  I have a Dot in another room and which ever hears me better is the one that responds. Love it but the volume could definitely use a boost. If it had better built in speaker's, would definitively be a 5 star. They thought ahead and put  an audio auxiliary input, so I bought a dedicated speaker for the Echo. Proved to be best way to go. It's an echo, and it works.  For the price it's great deal. Have had no issues with it.  As with all dots, the speaker is a bit tinny, but good for a second unit, or if you are like me, you can attach it to an external speaker for more sound.Good buy I’m really hoping for skills that take advantage of the shows touch screen. There’s an incredible amount of untapped potential locked behind the restrictions. Make use of the best part of having the show and enable skills to navigate by touch please! Really cool device that does a ton of stuff. Fun games like Jeopardy. We used this to set up smart bulbs and light switches. Make sure you ge the stuff that corresponds with this particular hub. Had to make a few runs back to the store for exchanges. I jumped on the bandwagon by purchasing an Echo.  I feel like there was a struggle getting connected and then three days later, the device is sharing news and weather.  Now we use it some, but have not tapped in to all options.  Still testing it out. I was contacted by people in India. Were they suppose to charge me $79.00? It was very hard to understand their instructions. They did have control of my computer and network. I, also, bought a Cloud Cam but do not know how to make it work with Alexa. Although I haven't taken advantage of many of the Echo's features there is one that bothers me. It starts talking even when I haven't said anything even close to the wake up word - ECHO - had to change from Alexa due to a conflict with another device. Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.   Eh it’s cool and all but also kinda boring I don’t really know what to do with it other than it being a desk clock so 3/5 is about right. I can’t connect to my Spotify unless it’s premium and I’m in college and I’m not paying or that or amazon music so these are additional alexa based devices to make access better from other parts  of our homes rather than trying to shout questions or instructions through out the house, lol. we wouldn't be without alexa for the variety of functions that she performs. For a refurbished item.. It works like its new... Which I love... Easy set up,  which I love. The only issue is the volume,  if you are listening while relaxing its fine,  but if you are expecting to do anything else,  I recommend  purchasing a speaker. I like the fact that I can get any kind of music from Prime that I want on request from Alexa. I liked the informative photo little pamphlet but wish it included how to connect your TV etc. to the commands from Alexa. BUT, I really love having the music. The selection is wonderful and the ease of use on the home page is nice. I wish, however, it didn't keep overcoming my settings for my other devices attached to my TV.  I have to keep switching back after any switches in programming, including my stereo. I bought it because everyone was saying how much they love theirs. But I have no need for it. I only used it once. The volume was not loud enough for me when I played music while I was on my treadmill. So I rather use my tower speaker which is 3xs louder. The packaging was beautiful and then there she was!! We have 2 dots and an echo plus already. Now we have the show and we love it. An echo for each room!You can also say &#34;Alexa, turn off the screen&#34; and it will go black. This is good for sleeping. I love searching the Alexa skill shop on the app. Useful things like having Alexa turn my lights on and off, listening to news updates every morning. And fun stuff like telling Alexa to make the Star Trek red alert nois. Or playing song quiz with friends. Bought this a few weeks ago -  everything about this product is excellent !!!!! Don't forget to buy a charger when ordering, it's a must have to take outside by the pool and not have to worry about hiring an electrician to put in outlets all over the yard. Echo Spot works well except it does not work with the Ring doorbell as it states on the website. Since they were sold as a pair I thought that it would be app ready.  Unfortunately that is not case.  Perhaps Ring will update so that they can be integrated. Absolutely love it! I use it for everything!I tell my friends and clients that it’s the daughter I never had. I ask her to do something and she doesn’t complain! I wish I bought the 2package deal :( I truly needed one in my work room. I kick myself for it. At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.   I basically use it to play music  and tell me the news..its sometimes hard to communicate with it, if i dont say the command correctly, but i realize its learning my style of speaking and will do some commands even though i dont say them exactly as i should. Nice picture good sound but the mics are not as sensitive as a dot, my dots can hear me from across the house the Show does not, that being said I LOVE the show!!I can watch TV and movies while in tg ed kitchen, have the News playing or Music....love....it !! I have an original Echo and really like it. I wanted another one for my basement. I realize it isn't a huge stereo with settings but it doesn't sound bad at all. Definitely doesn't take up much room. Great price for the Echo Plus on Prime Day. I ordered two!! I'm obsessed with Alexa. She tells me the weather every morning, she can play games (we love the guess the song one!) and the one we have upstairs can turn off our TV downstairs which is so cool because why walk down the stairs if Alexa will do it for you???? Bought this for my bedroom and the Show for my living room. Love them both. The Spot is perfect for bedside and has an impressive design. Shows lyrics, photos , etc. I paired it with a Smart Plug for the bedroom lamps &#34;Alexa, turn off lights&#34;, love it. While I loved Alexa....this is a whole new level. Love it. Fun to watch movie trailers. Weather is so much more complete. When you listen to music....the lyrics appear. Still discovering all Echo Show can do. Highly recommend. Takes Alexa to a completely new world. My 90 year old Mom LOVES that she can watch the 1st Season of Blue Bloods ❤. My one wish is that she could watch CSI:MIAMI...without having to pay for it...😥 The bill for OPTIMUM is already, quite high. Can you help us? We live on Long Island, NY (Suffolk County ) Love the Echo !!! I love the size, material and speaker quality. I have it hooked up to one light easily and will work on additional lights and thermostat. Next is Echo Dot for bedroom. There is a lot more to do with Echo that you think. Traffic, Weather, Trivia, etc. LOVE love love this!  I have an echo, and several echo dots, but love the video with this and the clock.  I no longer have to wake up and say &#34;Alexa, what time is it?&#34; or &#34;Alexa, weather&#34;  I can even watch videos on it if i forget my kindle before bed. Love this product I use it as my bedroom clock perfect size with a lot of other options. The only thing I would like to see them add on to it is the ability to fall asleep to mu as if and set a timer for it to go off on it's own. Like you can with tv t hcfe sleep mode. Such a fun, easy, and convenient device to have around the house. No need to pick up my phone to look something up, just a few words and the world is at your fingertips. The speaker puts off great sound and the screen is crisp. The price is right for a device like this. I love my little Echo Spot, I have replaced my older full size echo with this little guy. The round screen is an interesting choice and I'm not sure I like the look but it is growing on me. The speakers could be slightly louder but all in all it is a solid echo product. Bought for my older grandparent to help with reminders. Would recommend to anyone with someone in their life with dementia or memory loss. Helps my grandmother remember to take medications and do daily task. She loves it because she can listen to music and ask questions I like to use it for listening to podcasts.  I like to set up the greeting in the morning to tell me what's new.  The one thing I don't like was getting it to recognize the radio station I wanted to listen to.  I finally got it working, but had to work through the bugs. i liked the sound . what is troubling is that I paid extra money to have access to a million more songs. Sometimes it doesn't work. Ex. Alexa play Italian songs&#34; .don't have or don&#34; t understand. or play the opera Tosca, response &#34;sorry I don&#34;t have that. It,is,what it is and than some. Sounds great too. On,y thing I dont like the camera being seen by anyone working for amazon  I asked echo show to show me camera and didn’t know what I was saying but knows how to turn camera on and off but can’t dhiw u what’s recording hmm This product is even better than I imagined. I love the timer setting, it reminds me to put the clothes in the dryer if i ask it to, and i love shopping list feature.  My family enjoys the games too! It’s made my life a little more easy! Alexa is my personal assistant. :) We are very pleased with this item. The display is clean and crisp and easy to read. We enjoy trying the suggested things to try asking Alexa. We use the timer feature quite a bit and have added our calendars and contacts. We are still exploring the many skills available. I am guilty of not setting this up, I had my youngest daughter do it. She did not seem to have much trouble figuring it out. So I would have to assume it was not very difficult. I have not tried to use it  yet but my oldest seems to like it so she ordered one for herself. LOVE, LOVE this new little gadget.  Has  made our lives so much easier.  it's like having our own personal secretary living here in the home.  We hardly need our CD's anymore, since ALEXA plays everything we need.  Going to get the Alexa DOTS soon for more rooms.  Thanks!! This thing is awesome for grocery lists, paired with the AnyList app. The flash briefing is very good too. My only complaint is that once you pause something, Alexa decides that you no longer want to listen to that thing. Forever. All in all, definitely worth the purchase. This is our third echo. Worth every penny. It's like having 3 household employees for a small flat rate. We keep them in the bedrooms and the living room. We can drop-in and use them as an intercom, listen to music, answer quick questions, alarms to wake up for school, etc. I'm loving my easy access to all the music and books I listen to from Amazon music and audible.  The treble, mid and bass sound well-equalized.  I love that I can easily take it to any area of my house and plug it in.  It's nice and light weight, with a good length of cord. I highly recommend the spot! I have it connected to the kasa camera and it is so convenient to just ask spot to, &#34;show me the camera&#34; when someone is at the door. Love it! As soon as amazon has a good sale on these again I will be getting another one! Good job Amazon! Purchased this for a discount on Prime Day to insert into a portable Bluetooth speaker made specifically to work with Echo Dot. Works great, love it! Now I can bring Alexa out onto the patio with me, and I mostly use it for music. This is our 3rd Echo product and we love them! The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.   So far pretty happy with the Spot. For me it really is a glorified alarm clock/radio and I know I could have something more cost effective but eh, I like it. I had read the reviews about the scrolling issues and saw the one about how to make that stop and it did. So far so good. The Echo Spot is compact, nice sound and camera quality. Makes it great to video chat with the family when I'm travelling for work. Ease of use that the youngest member (10 years) has no problem talking to Mama on the video chat and understands the important of digital security. I love my Echo Dot!  The price I paid during Prime Day was comparable to buying a new digital clock with the bells and whistles, but this does so much more.  I can play music, set alarms, call friends, play games, set timers...the list goes on and on.  Definitely worth the money. Doesn't work with my fairly new smart TV, but that's mainly the TV manufacturers(LG) fault due to not supporting anything older than TVs from this year. My smart locks also need an additional piece of equipment in order to connect as well. Speakers sound great and works very well. Great fun but frustrating at times. Commands between tv and the show get mixed (asking to watch something will turn my directv, not display on show which stinks with an 8 year old) Also would like more video options with flash briefings. Still really a tech wonder for a low price. Didnt think id get an Alexa device, but this is perfect for my home office.  the screen adds just that little piece that makes it worth the extra cost of the other Alexa devices.  It can show lyrics of songs, play my xm radio, can show videos of movie trailers and news.  Its great! Not that much different than the one we had.  Alexa is still stubborn. LOL.  We ordered it on the Prime day to get the light bulbs with it i the deal but did not get the light bulbs.  When we called she said they were sold out.  Felt bad about that.  Now we have to buy light bulbs. The setup of this device was simple and effective.  I am very pleased to see all of the additional skills and add on abilities of Alexa.  This is great for my mobility issues.  I now have the ability to have my shopping and comfort needs met without depending on friends and family. Doesn't know half the things asked. Can't recognize my sprinkler wifi controller, even though product details says it is compatible. Can't program or change my wifi thermostat settings and its matched up on same wifi router. Just a handy music player. That's if you have Amazon Music. Bought this for my daughter when she turned 9.  She loves it!!  I especially like the calling feature since she doesn’t have a cell phone.  She loves playing music and dancing and with Amazon music she can play all her favorite songs ...... sometimes over and over and over again lol! Would be 5 stars if you could turn off the &#34;Things to Try&#34; screen!!!  I should have read up on this before buying the Spot.  Amazon, please update to enable us to turn this off!  It is SO extremely annoying to look over to see the time but instead see &#34;Things to try&#34;. Loved the price for an essentially brand new Dot!! Opening it, you really couldn’t tell that it was refurbished. Everything looked brand new. For $20 less than a new unit, I couldn’t consider this a better deal! I really love the versatility of the echo dot. Get you one while you can! I took advantage of prime Friday and decided to take a chance and purchase one.  I enjoy the features it comes with. I'm sorry I didn't purchase two of them  Well worth the money.  Its looks great on my nightstand.  Every night it puts me to steep with sleeping music.  Happy customer! I love using my Echo Show for music, it sounds amazing! Unfortunately the video quality when video chatting isnt great, my husband and I video chat often and his video comes out very clear on my end but he says my image is very pixelated. I'm still learning to use it but so far so good. I love this device.  I bought it simple so that I can have an alarm clock with my Amazon Echo.....and during Prime day for the price you couldn't beat it.  But, I have Sonos and Big Ass Fan lights that I am able to control with this device.  It's perfect and getting better all the time. I purchased the Echo Plus with built-in hub during Prime Days sale. It was delivered very fast and was easy to link to my WiFi. Also connected it to a smart plug to control a light. I love telling Alexa to play music, and she hears me from 2 rooms away. Excited to learn new uses for it. Wasn't sure if I'd like this product but after having it for a little while I want one in every room! My daughter is constantly asking alexa how to spell words. We've barely tapped into all the things this product is capable of and I'm looking forward to learning all of its capabilities! I bought 2 of these (plus 2 Echo Dot 2nd Generation) on Prime Days. Love the Echo Plus easy to setup. The reason for the 4 star is the fact that one of them did not arrive with the free Philips Hue White A19 Single LED Bulb Works with Amazon Alexa. There is no one to call to find out why. I purchased this for my mother who is having knee problems now, to give her something to do while trying to over come not getting around so fast like she did.She enjoys all the little and big things it can do...Alexa play this song, What time is it and where, and how to cook this and that! Doesn't always respond to the wake word. This is my 3rd echo product and I have to say I am A little disappointed. Alexa voice assistant is great when it comes to controlling a connected home but has a lot to learn from google assistant when it comes to  getting answers for search queries. I love having this on my desk. The fact that I can video with friends, listen to music with the words right there, and see my Amazon Cloud Cam feeds from one location is pretty spectacular. I got this one sale too, which was stellar. It has me thinking I need another one for the front room. I like the list ability and the music I can play.  I do not like that I can not create a playlist without using the app and even then Alexa will not play my songs I have to do it through my tablet or phone.  I also do not like that Alex can not print again it has to be done through the app. I owned an echo for overa year but the new lacks the easy way to increase or decrease volume without telling it to increase or decrease volume which is hard to do for my wife since English is her second language she was born in korea. But the sound from the echo is superb. So we’ll keep it.. The firestick is easy to use and was super easy to set up.  I like the platform and feel it is better than I expected.  I was worried about it lagging but it has not at all.  I’m hoping to utilize the firestick to eventually break away from cable and now I’m more confident that it can happen. I have two. One in my computer room and the other that I move around out on the deck. Not great for watching video, but it can be done. With the added sound you don't get from the Echo Dot, it is perfect for the location I have it in. Add whole house music, and you have just arrived in Nervana. To have ability to play Amazon Music outside for patio gatherings. I also used blue tooth to connect Echo Plus via Alexa App on my tablet to an external speaker when/if the party extends into the yard. I have plans to connect other devices such as thermostat and other lighting and home devices. Works as advertised. Speak clearly, and research the commands. Also. Get the wall holder, it keeps it out of the way. Set up is a breeze, just make sure you are close to the device initially when connecting your phone. For some reason it made set up easier...though it could be psychological haha This is great for music, video calling, kitchen timers, and probably a bunch more. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the ever-floating "things to try" on the home screen. This is purely an aesthetic complaint, but hopefully soon Amazon allows the option to shut it off. Is as expected and more, responds very fast to given commands and was very easy to connect via the Amazon App. I also bought the PhilipsHue Light Bulb and all I had to do was put it in my lamp and tell Alexa to find my device and it connected and the lamp now turns on and off with voice commands. I own two dots, a tap and a show. I love the echo show. Sound quality is amazing compared to the dots. I use mine constantly to create shopping list, kitchen and laundry timer, and news updates. But most of all I have the all throughout the house and I play music throughout using the group settings Part of it is my fault, I thought it could be wireless.  Though for the price, I still feel like it should be. Also the sound quality and volume could be better. I prefer the tap. Unless you really want to have the call options but today most of us have phones, computers or iPads. Just not worth it. We bot 2 on Prime day one for use as a clock/radio in the bedroom and one in the family room to control lights and watch the front door when the doorbell rings.  Music sound is very good not as good as the Echo but way better than our Dots.  If we could only buy 1 Amazon device it would be the Spot. Alexa is great only she will laugh or add random comments in conversations. Last night I was asking a sibling why they are using Alexa upstairs versus the one downstairs. Then the echo dot downstairs starting singing “oh technology oh technology” kind of weird but it seems to have a mind of its own. I love this fire stick because after installing a few highly recommended apps, I discovered that a lot of the channels I don't have with my cable provider is included,  and I don't have to pay extra! Just subscribing to a few streaming apps will do and I still come out paying way less than cable tv. LOVE LOVE LOVE THESE. The only think I notice is that it doesn't pick-up my voice and commands as well as my Echo and Echo Dots (we have 4 Echo products throughout our house). I have this in the kitchen and in my bedroom as my alarm clock. I'm no longer searching for a pen and paper to make lists!!!! Love it except that Amazon needs a reference one cohesive link for a full user manual. I don't have hours to research websites. Plus, more instruction from Alexa on skills would be great. We often get the answer, "I don't know that skill" even though I've added it in the app. I.e. Kwikset or Pizza Hut. I love being able to see information that Alexa gives.  When notifications are turned on it lets you know when your order will be delivered and it also tells you what the order is. You can use the Echo screen to pull up details of your orders. You can use the Alexa skill to make calls from uhyour Echo. This is the best Amazon speaker with Alexa in it.  But if you’re thinking it’s a good smart hub you’re wrong. Are you can do is connect your smart lights and devices to it and tell Alexa to Turn them on and off. That’s it! You’re better off buying separate hubs so you have more control of your devices. Took a little work to set up but I finally got it.  Sound quality not the best but for what I got it for it works great.  I check weather and ask a few cooking questions in the kitchen with it.  I do play the radio on it when I want some music but will probably upgrade to the Echo plus for better sound. So far it seems to be a very nice item. It picks up on my voice and understands me without any problems. The other day I asked it to turn down the music from the next room and it heard me just fine. I've only used it to listen to music and check the weather, but it has done both of those things very well. I am thoroughly enjoying my Ecoo!  Love to have it read my audiobook to me while in the office and then I can simply open the audiobook on my kindle to continue it when elsewhere. Wonderful for listening to music when not in the mood for a book. Great for setting reminders for myself too and so much more. I love Alexa and when I had the chance to add Show to my home... I jumped at it.  But... I'm a member and my Show doesn't know I paid for the extras with my Echo (now in the upstairs bedroom.  If I am supposed to pay more for having Show added to my home, then I'm afraid to ask &#34;What's the point?&#34; I like the fact that the messages are visual now as well as audible.I am puzzled because it will light up and make the &quot;notification&quot; sound but when I ask Alexa to read my notifications, she tells me that there are no new notifications.  This has happened at least once a day for over a week now. This was an impulse buy but turns out I really enjoy my new dot. My grands love requesting songs and playing games. I like listening to my audible selection, keeping up with my to do lists and discovering new Alexa skills. Fun and practical, my echo dot has been a surprisingly welcome addition to my home. The speakers sound pretty good for being so small and setup is pretty easy.  I bought two and the reason I only rate it a 3 is I have followed the instructions for synching music to both units.  I know I've done it correctly but they won't sync.  That was my primary motivation for purchasing multiple units. I'm amazed with the alarm. I tell Alexa to wake me up to a particular song and it does.  I love the play list if music. Not sure if i don't keep prime if music will still be available. However i did love the fact Amazon gave me music free for 3 months...they should have given prime free for 3 months as well. I bought this to compare the speaker quality to our first generation speaker and i like the sound better.  I will ship this to my daughter though because I like the fact that my first generation has a chargeable base that we bought which keeps it more mobile and she needs a better sound than what she has now. This is our 5th Amazon Echo device.  We have purchased refurbished before and been satisfied, this time is no different.  You can't tell this from brand new, and the price was $10 cheaper.  Our Echo's wake us up, keep timers, play music for us, act as encyclopedias, turn our lights on and off and so much more. Alexa Show is amazing. My wife hated that I bought it, thought we didn't need it and after a day she fell in love with Alexa too lol. It is so convenient for setting timers, listening to music, playing music for the dog while im not home, connecting to bluetooth speakers for parties, playing movies. I love it! It’s still a great product.But the sound quality does seem worse.Don’t get me wrong. You definitely get used to it within an hour. But it definitely feels like echo gen 1 sound quality was better.Besides that , it’s great.With the addition of being able to play Just over Bluetooth with no WiFi, it’s even better. Tons of features and skills, and a very good speaker with plenty of bass for music. You still need some work on the AI, in responding to random questions though. My Android phone is far better at those... with the Echo I still get a lot of &#34;hmm, I'm not sure&#34; or &#34;I don't have an opinion on that.&#34; Amazingly fun. My daughter and I just asked questions on the first day. I have now set my daily alarm, weekend reminder, playlist, morning shows, random songs, daily bible verses, weather, and morning commute. It tells me which way to go dodging traffic. You have to get one. I don’t have it linked to my phone yet. Alexa was able to call my phone when I couldn’t find it and also turned on and off the light when commanded.  Then I came home a day later and it wouldn’t turn on the light but would shut it off.  Then she said I had no devices; couldn’t find my phone.  Now working again.  We will see.  Love the selection of music! A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).   I like echo spot. I bought it to use as an alarm clock. One negative that i didnt really think about, when you wake up in the morning and are somewhat groggy, its hard to tell alexa to turn off the alarm, or hard to remember commands to snooze for a few minutes. In this case a clock with buttons seems to work better Love my Alexa Echo Dot - I have two of them now - one new, one refurbished.  Both work great and it has become my go to for sooo many things.  I love it as an alarm every morning or whenever.  I love it to play music or sounds of the ocean, or nature sounds when I am trying to sleep.  Just love it for so many things. This is a very useful device.  I use it to turn my lights on and off around the house.  It works with all the other Alexa devices, so I can give a command near any of them, and this will process the request.  It also handles all the functions that the other devices can do. I enjoy it much more than I thought I would. When we were buying another product there was an option to bundle this one for an extra $30...so we thought why not? Well, I'm so glad we did! We are really enjoying our Echo Spot. It reads stories to our girls, plays music, gives us the news, and so much more!  It's so responsive and has so many skills that we enjoy. The Echo Plus is great! So easy to set up and with the built in hub, it connects to other Alexa devices with a mere verbal command. I am 62 and not super techno knowledgable but this was easy for me. Have my lights integrated with Alexa and now looking at security cameras and locks. Definitely recommend the Echo Plus! I didn’t realize it needed an external power source in order to utilize the fire stick. I thought it was more along the lines of a flash drive device you Singley plugged into your tv. However, since using my amazon fire stick I have enjoyed every moment of it and would definitely recommend this product to any and all. this is so fun! I really enjoy using it. I have it hooked up to one of my lights so I just tell Alexa when I want that on and off. also, it connects to my Spotify so I just have Alexa resume my playlist and we pick off right where we ended. I feel like there's even more I can do with this, so I'm excited to use it more! this is my 2nd echo dot and it is working just as i want it to.  i have it in the bedroom and i par it with a small blue tooth speaker.  last nite i went to sleep with sounds of a thunderstorm as provided by my echo dot.  i am planning to have the dot turn my bedroom lamps on when i receive the smart plugs that i ordered. Works exactly how you would expect, right out of the box. I love being able to not only hear, but now see, what I need on this device. I loved my regular echo, but the Show is just so much better!  It works wonderfully for music (especially paired with the Amazon music account) and is perfect with my ring doorbell. Love it! I've had an Alexa Dot for some time but I'm really enjoying the Alexa Show. It's great to have a visual whether it's a song or the weather. Played Jeapordy, but I'm not good at it. You do learn trivia and no one's watching! Love that recipes are visible and movies are available. Haven't had it long enough to try everything. We put one in the bedroom.  It plays music and tells us the weather.  It also is an alarm to wake us up in the morning.  It is better than a clock radio.  It will play any type of music you want from radio stations or your own favorites.  It can even tell jokes.  I don't know how I got along without it before now.  Amazing. This device works perfectly and was a good price.  We love Alexa and are having great fun with her.  The music is great and we get the radio stations we need for our morning traffic report.  I didn’t think I would enjoy having AI in the house, but it is fun, educational and entertaining even for people who aren’t tech savvy. I’m not sure why or how Amazonia asking me about this purchase. I got it as a gift from my kids for Mother’s Day...  It was not bought from my account. Lil bit creepy 😑. I haven’t really had much use for it as no one calls, they text. So that part meh. The other things it does are no different than the other Alexa products. I don't have Alexa, but after getting this I'm feeling inspired to get one. I feel this is a good gateway and or Alexa trial, and liking it so far.  Channels work just fine like Apple TV, just need to check if there is a phone app for a keyboard typing, because spelling things out on keyboard sucks for searching YouTube clips I like it alot. I connected it so I can play my Pandora and I asked about the weather & time every morning. I got rid of my old fashioned digitol clock because I can have my music play Unlimited on this. I'm going to ask it about vacations and a few other things once I get more comfortable with it. Definitely worth the money. I love this little gadget, replaces my old clock basically, love i can listen to music in the morning get weather updates, news briefs.  Let's me know when a amazon order is arriving & has been delivered etc.  Yes it's a little pricey, but purchased it on Amazon Prime Now during Prime Day and it was delivered same day for $99. 4.5 out of 5 Stars. I generally like this product. Its great at doing what you ask of it like playing music, setting timers, and making calls. Reason why I didn't rate it 5 out of 5 is that sometimes the connection dies and my Echo stops playing music and shows a red ring. Seems to be a connection issue. Overall, great product. I bought this after visiting a friend who had one and it is great.  I understand the frustration of not having YouTube though.  Still good to have-love seeing the words to songs and if you have the Ring doorbell-you never have to get up from your chair...laziness at it's best!  LOL  All in all- a great product with good speakers. Once set up very user friendly. Set-up wasn't as user friendly as I'd hoped.. The alexa app should be able to download to a pc without installing [invasive ] drivers. My wife and I are both retired and she wouldn't have been able to install Alexa, but if my son wasn't supplying her with a smart phone we wouldn't be using Alexa yet. Alexa wakes me up everyday for work to whatever station on Iheart radio or Spotify I want. Plus when I do get smart home devices she’ll be even more useful to me! She’s really helpful with answering random questions. The small screen sucks for video as it is small and round but it’s nice to have something to show time and pictures. I love the Echo Plus mainly because I don't have to worry about putting a CD, in to play. I just command a song and it plays. However; I was disappointed to learn later that it needed to stay plugged in unlike the Echo. After consulting with Amazon and learning that I can purchase a portable Echo charging station I'm good.Sincerely, I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.   Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".   I was hesitant to buy the echo because I have the echo Dot and it seems good enough. The echo is the same except the sound quality, which I really didn't feel I needed. However, I am so glad I got it. What a difference! The sound really is far superior to the Echo Dot! Now I can listen to The Greatest Showman with a little more power! I bought this specifically so my wife could look at our Arlo security cameras from the bedroom when I’m at work. The system worked for three days and now it just gives me a error message. Very disappointed due to the fact that they advertise that these systems work together. I gave four stars because it does everything else very well. I have had all good experience, so far with the second generation Echo. There are so many more things to learn, but I have not had the time yet. Right now, I am mostly enjoying the music, weather updates, using the alarm feature, and her personality. I have also purchased some mini smart socket yes. I am very excited to begin using them The amazon Alexa is so nice to have she wakes me up in the morning with alarms and is great if you have prime because she can do a lot more plays any songs you want her to play and she can even make playlists of your favorite songs i love the Alexa because she has games you can play ad you can watch videos or movie trailers on the screen! We just got this within the last couple of weeks, from what we can tell no issues! My son wanted and &#34;alexa&#34; for his 6th birthday so she could tell him jokes, he could ask her questions and to listen to music she does all of that and more. We all enjoy this one so much that I just bought a second one this week during Prime Deals Day! I was a little apprehensive about buying a refurbished electronic product, but with Amazon's guarantee, thought I would try it. Glad I did, and will probably buy another refurb product form Amazon. I love the Alexa products and have several. This one sits on my desk. Has a small footprint, but has great sound and I use it daily. Works great. The ability to respond with the accuracy and variety of information provided by Google search has spoiled me.I had originally expected to see that the same type of search engine in the Echo.Not so, the ability of Alexa to provide such detailed information is not part of the package.Perhaps improvements are in the offing with further updates. I bought this for my 90 year old grandmother and she and I love it!!! She can call all her family members with just her voice, play games, even watch a video and I love that I can “drop in” on her any time to see how she is doing. She lives all by herself. And I feel comfortable if there was an emergency she could call out to Alexa for help!! This is my second one. I have one in the kitchen and wanted another in my home office.It is amazing for a quick look up while I am working. I live a very busy life and it helps keep me on track with work and personal appointments.I will buy for holiday gifts for my whole family. The gift of organization and information at a voice command away. This thing is awesome!  I got it on Prime Day for a great deal.  I wish I had purchased two.  I also bought the Echo Show version, but the sound is not nearly as good as the Echo Plus.  The Echo Show came dented, so I will be exchanging it.  I like the screen and many of the features so I will not be getting a refund.  It was still worth the price. Sounds well and we find it useful overall but it can be frustrating when it doesn’t respond or you forget the correct command.  “Alexa, turn on the living room lights”.  Oops I mean “Alexa turn on the family room lights”. I also never realized I call my couch a sofa some times.  Unfortunately my Alexa is confused by my changing names for where I sit. We have six of these throughout our home and they are great.  There are times when music or talking happens randomly that may be from sensitive listening.  There should be more options to change the name of the engagement command &#34;Alexa&#34; or &#34;Computer&#34; are a little annoying.  More colors then black and white would also be a good thing. Love it getting use to it and Alexa is getting use to my voice . Sometimes she doesn't answer but I think it has to do when internet is low or is updating or my voice isn't strong. Over all I haven't had any of the annoying stuff that everyone is complaining about. Thank goodness I didn't listen to those reviews.  And paid attention to the Apple guy . Love it was worried about the refurbished part at first but this being my first echo. It is awesome have used it for everything my lights since I work nights and shopping as well as for my spotify. And planning on getting it for my parents to help them out for everyday things we take for granted when we are young... I would recommend this to everyone!!!! I’ve had this for a little over 3 weeks now and I absolutely love it! It’s so easy to use. I’m basically using it as a smart alarm but it can do way more. The screen quality is great and it looks super cute sitting on my night stand. I don’t know how I lived without it so long. If you can’t decide whether to buy it or not, GO FOR IT! You won’t regret it!! It's better than the 1st gen in every way except for one.  I really miss the ring at the top for volume control.  It was quicker and easier to just grab the top and twist without having to look at the buttons and find the &#34;-&#34; one and press it a few times.  I also wish the bass was a bit better.  All in all, it's a great device and I'm happy with it. My daughter has an Echo Show and she told me how much she loved it. I bought a white one for my kitchen and absolutely love it!  It has all the features of the others plus great extras. The sound system is awesome. I also own the original Echo Tower, Dots and Spot. Each are great and have their uses around my house. I highly recommend all of these products. I like it because you could ask it different questions and it does different things it works intermittently with my smart TV if I ask you to change the volume it does or does it sometimes if I ask you to change the channel it does or doesn't sometimes I have to reset it I don't know if it's because it's refurbished but it's okay it's just not what I expected We love this thing! I wish I would have gotten it sooner. You will certainly want to go through the settings and lock it down if you have kids, but it is a great additional for even unexpected things like helping the kids with homework. There are loads of skills. I am very happy with this purchase, especially since I got it on prime day for almost half price. I am pleasantly surprised at the accuracy of Alexa. The unit is very responsive and can easily respond even with TV or music playing.I did pair two smart  bulbs and they go on, off and dim with ease using voice or app. Fidelity is very good for the size.My only regret is that I would have liked a silver model or a fabric cover but that is an unimportant issue. As you can see Echo Show is in kitchen. It far exceeds my expectation. There’s a wealth of information about any topic. If is customizable for sound and video. I also have Echo and Echo Dot. You can group them and have hole house music. Still not done exploring all it can do love it. Perfect for getting recipes so you can see them while you’re preparing to cook. The installation and connection to my Wi-Fi was so easy! Getting the Amazon Prime and Netflix going was a breeze. I have not used a voice remote before. That was amazing (yes, I am old school). I will be reviewing more features and options as I have time, but I am very excited to own such a product that lives up to the all the great things I have read and heard. Without having a cellphone, I cannot use many of her features. I have an iPad but do not see that of any use.  It IS a great alarm.  If u r almost deaf, you can hear her alarm in the bedroom from out in the living room, so that is reason enough to keep her.It is fun to ask random questions to hear her response.  She does not seem to be very smartbon politics yet. I love this, it's quick and easy to use. I love that there are so many apps you can access but disappointed some of them cost extra money to use. I also love the music app on here. I didn't think I would use it because I have Alexa echo and listen to music all the time on there. But I tried it on the fire tv and it gives you the lyric as the songs play! Love it!! Great in the kitchen.  I love to cook and it is fun to look up recipes.  Also great for listening to music and watching shows on Amazon Prime Video while I cook.  I subsequently bought an Echo Dot with the ihome clock docking station for the bedroom.  I created a group so I can play music on both of them at the same time.  I plan to add more speakers in the future. I bought this to replace a &#34;Dot&#34; in my living room. Speaker is slightly better. It hears me better over the TV. Unfortunately, it doesn't understand or respond to my requests as well as the Dot. I frequently have to request 2 or 3 times to get it to do what I want. The Dot usually does exactly what I want on the first request. I don't consider it an upgrade. I love the size of the echo spot. It fits on my nightstand but has all of the capabilities of my echo show. I like going to sleep with the lightening storm. The images along with the sounds are very relaxing. The calling and messaging feature is great. It’s small enough to take with when we travel. I love and own most of the Alexa products. Our whole family uses them. Alexa is pretty basic and almost like a toy. Shouldn't have been released into the market without proper development. Speech recognition fails to understand basic American and British Accent.The music it can play is very restrictive. Speech isn't refined in a way that we understand a (almost a) human is speaking. Linking to Youtube via amazon web services doesn't work. I like the weather options but Alexa search compacity needs improvement. She aint no Google. Alexa gets our requests probably around 20% of the time. Currently Alexa doesn't do YouTube either. This is a huge drawback and why The echo show dropped in price.  International radio via tune in is awesome but again her search engine, its like pulling teeth to get to anything. I got this for my husband on Prime Day. He loves it as his alarm clock and smart device. This is our 3rd Echo device, and we have them all connected throughout the house. Although you can deactivate the camera, we also chose to cover it since the device is in our bedroom. I'm not comfortable with having a camera in the room (no, we don't bring our cell phones in the room). I really like this item. I already had the echo dot but with this purchase the Philips Hue bulb came with the plus. Just purchasing the plus I have not had time to use it to its full capabilities but the bulb is something else. I use that with the echo dot to turn on our bedroom light and I really like it. The plus is in our great room/kitchen area. So far I give this a 5 star. Only complaint I have is that the sound quality isn't great. I mostly use it for commands though, and I have another dot hooked up to my stereo system to play music through. I have a couple friends that have a dot and don't mind the audio quality, but if you're bothered by that kind of thing I'd go with the full size echo or make sure you hook the do up to some larger speakers. This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.   Great product and Prime Day price! Took a while to figure out how to connect to my wireless network and the other Echo devices in my home. This came with a Philips smart bulb. It's better than having a clapper! I found instructions online to 'wake to music & philips light'. Very easy to set it up with the instructions. You even have an option of what song you want to wake up to! A great replacement for the bedside alarm clock, which had a funny habit of going off at 12am every time the cleaning ladies came through. We mostly use it to turn the ceiling fan lights on and off, while leaving the fan running. Only gripe would be the mic sensitivity, which doesn't appear be as good as the View or Gen2. It can get a little frustrating having to repeat yourself. I have the original Alexa and the Tap and so far the 2nd generation is the best. I'm happy to see they are making improvements with each new one.It would be great to have updates to our little A.I.'s, I think it would help out a lot with the bugs in it. All in all I am very happy with her and I can now play music throughout the whole house and adjust the bass and treble. Thank you Works great as a bedside clock but the microphone for Alexa doesn't work as well as the normal Echo.  Sometimes Alexa doesn't hear me when I try to interrupt her it to give new instructions.  The speaker also isn't as good as the normal Echo.  Screen is small so not really useful for viewing any type of video or for seeing who's at the front door.  But, it's great for the bedside. We love Alexa! We use her to play music, play radio through iTunes, play podcasts through Anypod, and set reminders. We listen to our flash briefing of news and weather every morning. We rely on our custom lists. We like being able to voice control the volume. We're sure we'll continue to find new uses.Sometimes it's a bit frustrating when Alexa doesn't understand what we're saying. It seems a little less intuitive then the regular Echo Plus. It's also a little harder for it to pick up what you're saying.  When combined with the other four we have in the household, having to speak loud enough for it to hear was cross activating other ones, so we had to rename this one.  Overall it works well, but does not seem as adept at doing things as the original Echo Plus. I own 5 Echo devices, consider me addicted! This little number is awesome, not only do I like that it displays, the sound is great and it has the same dependable functionality as other Echo devices. One feature I really like is how it slowly dims after I turn off my bedroom light, so I have a night light for a bit. I love Echo devices and have just about run out of places to put them! Love that I have command access to news such as Bloomberg TV, NPR, etc.Highly recommend that you gain access to Alexa app before setting up Device and get familiar with key features/services...such as setting up your daily commute.If family and friends have Spot...then it’s a great substitute for Skype and Face Time...you can always “drop in” when missing loved ones or just to catch up. We are so glad that we got the Echo over a Bluetooth speaker. Alexa does so much more stuff than other non smart speakers out there. I personally love the timer feature. It has helped me with cooking multiple things simultaneously. Pandora integration is another feature that I use daily. So happy with out Prime Day purchase. I will get the Echo hub and a few more Echo dots in the future. I never had ALEXA before but the biggest reason I bought it was for YOUTUBE and apparently YOUTUBE stopped supporting it and that is why it will get 4 stars.... it's mostly YOUTUBE's FAULT but I worked around it by using my cell phone as a blue tooth connected to hear things but still takes the voice activate purpose away but the speaker is amazing to hear my youtube watch later playlist This was given to my 7 year at the time as a birthday gift from his dad. He loves it, ask Alexa anything she has the answer, plus it’s good for homework. So I purchased one on prime day for my bathroom for when I’m getting ready for work. I listen to music at 4am and the base it’s metro booming.. Replacement for my clock radio, plus I have the echo dot on my night stand as my alarm clock.. I had an Alexia built into my thermostat that just didn't work very well. I had to be standing right next to it for it to hear me and music played very choppy on it. I decided to try the Echo Dot since it was on Prime Day. I have not been disappointed! It hears me just fine and music plays with out any problem. I really like that I can Bluetooth connect to my Bose Speaker for quality sound. I love this device! It's so great. What a great alarm clock and what a surprisingly good speaker! Only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because it needs to have a few more features like playing YouTube videos, and Google play music. The camera is not very good in low light if you decide to drop in and it's dark in the room.Other than those minor things, I love it. Great buy and would buy again Works great and simple to set up. Alexa is way more accurate than I imagined so Im using it more than I thought. Wish alarms could be set a bit further out but thats my only complaint.No she's not listening when you don't say the wake word so if you're worried you can lose the conspiracy theories. The speaker is great too so don't hold off on getting one if you were turned off by gen 1 like me. Love this thing. People think I’m crazy for paying this much for a glorified alarm clock. But I don’t care!! For me, waking up in a good mood is pretty important and this helps me do it!! So glad I don’t have to deal with my old EEAANH EEAANH EEAANH alarm. Very excited to say “Alexa, turn off the lights” (smart plugs get here soon!) Got a camera privacy slide for this since it is in my bedroom. Had a little trouble at the beginning until I replaced my old router and it works good except for current temperature and at times Alexa will be off by as much as 10 degrees!  Like when it was 91 degrees, Alexa would say it was 81 degrees.  Otherwise, everything works as expected and enjoy listening to music from Amazon and my Pandora stations and requesting my favorite song or recording artist. I love Alexa, but the sound on the dot is not the best. I own an echo 2nd gen for the kitchen/living room and got this for my bedroom, but there’s a SIGNIFICANT difference in sound. The dot lacks a full base sound and sounds as if it’s coming off a cheap portable speaker. I was REALLY disappointed. I returned it right away and just shelled out the money to buy a second echo 2 for my bedroom also. Love it! I personally prefer Spotify music, so it’s great that I was able to set that as default. There’s not a day that goes by without music in our home. Also, the reason we got it is to keep our pup calm when we leave, so we tell Alexa to play some classical music or jazz and it works wonders. He’s a lot more calmer and doesn’t bark when we lock the door and start walking away. It’s a must have! I like the option for white, but it’s bizarre that it comes with a black cord. I have a white kitchen, so now I have this stands-out-like-a-sore-thumb black power cord. For aesthetic purposes, I was happier with my year-old white Echo (not Show) because it came with a white powercord. This seems like a major design flaw in the “white” option. I strongly urge Amazon to change out the powercord to white. Although this is my second echo device, I am still very disappointed that there is almost no documentation/instructions as to the many functions of the device.  I purchased becausse of the sound quality, but only found out it has bluetooth capabilities last night by accident.  There needs to be a manual that details all of the functionality of the device.  Or at least point out where it can be found... It performs pretty much as expected, but I am very disappointed it will not provide me with the terminology I need to play various kinds of music without subscribing to the Amazon music service.  I understand my music choices may be limited, but without knowing HOW TO ASK, I cannot access the music that is provided free along with my Echo purchase.  Do you have a chart showing the language I need to use? I really love my dots! So awesome how it’s connects all my rooms. But like you’ve read with other reviews they are definitely lower in volume. Which I’m sure if I connected it to speaker or another device it would be great. But as a stand alone the volume is just ok. Definitely not like my tall echo. And the dots don’t pick up voice as good as my tall echo.Still totally love them and would recommend 100% This is a great tool (toy?), room-filling music, very convenient to use, just fun to have. Why only 4 stars? Supposed to work with Logitech Harmony remote: nope. Supposed to work with Denon AV receivers: nope. This may not be Amazon't fault, but advertised skills should actually work. We also have the Echo Show, and the Ring skill works correctly with that device when we want to see who is at the front door. The Echo Show is ok, however the constant suggestions about what to ask Alexa are sooooo annoying and there is no way to eliminate it. Also, I thought I could have the weather for an area displayed continuously,  but I have to talk to Alexa, which I don't want to do in the middle of the night. Had I payed full price it would have been returned. There are other features that are nice, but I may never use them. The problem I have with this item could just be my inexperience. I ordered the wrong thing, but then decided I’d set it up and use Alexa. I was trying to replace a small Bluetooth speaker in my bedroom. Thought I could learn as I go. I downloaded the app, but never could get the Echo to sync with my iPhone. I’ve decided to give this to one of my kids and they will probably enjoy it and use it as it is intended. Was surprised to learn this can be used as a Bluetooth speaker for phones and tablets... it probably lists it in the description, but I missed that part!  It not quite the surround-like quality of a Bluetooth speaker in the $100+ range, but its very good none the less.  And with even basic access to Amazon Music there is a lot to listen to.  There's a huge number of things Alexa can do, learning more every day. I love this device! All the functionality of an Amazon Echo with the added benefit of a video screen. It looks great on my nightstand as a clock (lots of faces to choose from) and displays weather, reminders, etc. I think it can do video calls too but I use FaceTime for that anyway. It’s a great shape and doesn’t take up a lot of room. I’m planning to get another one for my guest room. Awesome for a great price! I have been extremely impressed with the device as a whole. Completely changed sleep schedule and replaced my alarm clock. It is the perfect bedside counter device - alarm, wake up music, weather, top news stories, etc. Perfect device for what I wanted and does so much more than I expected it to do, calling feature is also a huge selling point. This is a must own item. Probably will grab more Echos in the future. I absolutely love this thing. And I love AMAZON because my Echo Show went bonkers and all it took was a brief chat and Voila, a new one to replace it is on the way. I was floored when the screen started blurring and shaking and jumping and missing part of its data. Alexa still talked but I couldn't watch movies. SO HAPPY that Amazon is so easy to deal with and makes good on its products without any hassle at all. Wasn't so sure about bringing &#34;smart technology&#34; into my home, but I'm hooked! I love the sleek look of the Echo Spot on my nightstand and how easy it was to set up and use. I also love that it scrolls the news, local weather, and give suggestions of what to ask Alexa. I use this as my alarm clock, speaker, and have it sync'd with the Etekcity Voltson Wi-Fi Smart Plugs to control the lighting in my apartment. Not perfect but very good! A few times Alexa picked up something from TV, and has a very slight problem with smart home equipment in that she gets confused with what we want to call things. If you call something &#34;light&#34; in the app you need to say light, not &#34;lights.&#34; Echo Plus has no problems as a smart hub but I could use better user directions. Well worth owning and a good step to making my home Smart! I got my Echo Spot on Prime Day and love it. I think it still is a little expensive, but the chance to save $30 convinced me to buy it. I basically use it as a radio alarm clock because on my old radio the stations would sometimes not come in clearly. I also like the sleep sounds skill, and hearing the weather. I'm still exploring the other skills...just discovered some Star Trek sounds (Alexa, beam me up) which are fun! The Echo Dot (2nd Generation) Smart Speaker is very compound in size, however it  projects very good sound. It also has a port in which you can connect an external speaker  for greater projection of sound. I also like it size because it's not awkward, and it doesn't take up a lot of space. It works great with the Alexa App. I also think the size is great for college students who live in dorm rooms with small limited spacing. My husband and I are what I would call &#34;late adopters&#34; when it come to technology, but we decide we would try and Echo to serve primarily as a music source.  Wow, were we amazed and the great sound!  We've also been having a great time listening to all of our favorite songs buy just asking Alexa.  I may even buy one for my elderly Dad - I think he will enjoy having one to listen to music or even place his calls to us! I have had the echo dot for about two weeks and am having fun with it. I set morning alarms, check the weather, have Alexa play various music (I bought inexpensive speakers to connect for better sound), and I'm learning her skills. A little tricky to connect to wifi initially, but after some trial and error it connected, and has stayed connected. So far, super satisfied. Will be buying one for my mother and one for my office. I’m a fan of echo devices. I think it’s a great alternative to a clean clock. I like using it to adjust the lightning in the room and listening to sounds to help sleep. My two year old sleeps so much better with it on. We also use it to tell my two year old stories. Only issue is the volume of alexa speaking when you tell her to turn off the lights is loud when the volume is set to what you want to listen to the music at night I use this Echo to listen to music as well as a sort-of research tool. It can answer a variety of questions. I would like if the volume could go just a little bit louder, but I can't complain.I also believe it should have an internal power source. In order to use the Echo, it must be plugged in at all times using the universal charging cord. It would be nice to use the Echo Dot on the go without having to buy the other product. I'm so happy that I purchased Alexa.  When I recently saw this at a friend's home, he played some music while talking about the product.  I love the sound & love that all I have to do is tell Alexa or ask a question & she responds immediately.  I haven't been able to listen to my CD's for a while since I have a problem within my stereo equipment for some time now so this makes me extremely happy that it's not an issue any longer. I am a small business owner with no staff. With the Alexa driven Echo Spot, I feel like I've hired my first assistant! My Echo Spot keeps me organized, updated, and assistance when I need information that will help my day run more smoothly. I love my Echo Spot so much, I bought 2 more for my kids who love their Echo Spot too! I highly recommend this product.Suggested improvement for future versions, make the Echo Spot wireless. 😊 Yes it met my expectations.  The snooze on the alarm needs a but of work.  Tap it and it snoozes, swipe up and it prompts you to dismiss.  But without my glasses I can't read it and often it just snoozes.  Then one day I must have dismissed tomorrow's alarm because it never went off.  I have it set for Mon-Thu.  Fri I don't need to get up early.  A more apparent indicator of the alarm set would be nice.  My old alarm had a red light. It has been able to interpret my instructions pretty well right from the start, even from a distance. A lot of the skills are excellent. I've added a few of the late shows to my flash briefing but it's ridiculous that it can't access YouTube.It might be important to note that adding an event to your calendar is a task; it seems to have difficulty with the time span of an event. I imagine this is a functionality people would use often. We're thoroughly enjoying our Amazon Echo. Installation was easy using the Alexa app. I purchased 2 Kasa smart plugs to control our living room lights. Installation again was easy using the Kasa app. They sinqued right up with the Echo. We're enjoying playing music with the Echo and the sound quality is awesome. We've added a Kasa smart bulb for our kitchen. Setup was seamless. We're looking forward to adding more automation to our home. I do love these things, i have them running my entire home, TV, all my lights, my thermostat, my front door dead bolt, the cameras... and i love listening to npr. these things are well worth the value and they really shine once you stat adding smart devices and you can control your entire home like its right out of star trek.... I named mine computer to get the feel... but its amazing what you can do with these devices and smart systems. This is our second echo show.  We have a home in Mexico and one in the USA.  Now when one of us is in the other home we can easily stay in touch and see each other.  We can also drop in on the houses when we aren’t there to check on them.  We use it to turn on and off the lights and security systems in both homes.  We also have echo dots in various rooms.  We love all this technology!  We ask her many questions and she plays music for us. It seems easy to stump Alexa with rather simple questions that are easily googled with the correct answer.  We admit that we have not explored all that's available through the Echo.  One irritating issue is that Alexa cannot answer help questions concerning how to use the system, rather it refers you to the Alexa app or help via a computer.  It was very simple to setup and use and we continue to learn how this tool can become more useful. I am a hardcore fan of Echo. Infact I am in love with all members of my Alexa family. I have Echo, Echo Dot, Echo Plus and now this new toddler Echo Spot. Every variant has its own beauty. I love feel and size of Echo Spot. It’s fabulous as far as looks are concerned. It does not have great Audio quality (which I did not expect at the time of placing order because of its compact and small size). I bought it to connect with my Bose SoundTouch. I liked the original Echo. This is the same but shorter and with greater fabric/color choices. I miss the volume ring on top, now it's just the plus/minus buttons. Not a big deal but the ring w as comforting. :) Other than that, well I do like the use of a standard USB charger /port instead of the previous round pin. Other than that, I guess it sounds the same, seems to work the same, still answers to Alexa/Echo/Computer. So what's not to like? :) I love this thing. I talk to it through walls and in other rooms. I have been an amazon lover for a while so I have amazon music unlimited, kindle unlimited, prime video, etc., so I was ready for this when it came out. The screen is just so nice to have.The only thing resembling a down side is that it doesn't always perfectly understand which song I want to hear, but I do have a deep southern accent, lower Alabama, so I don't speak English anyways. I was suppose to get the “free” lightbulb with purchase. It did not come with Echo. Upon reading more carefully, it says to click a box to receive free bulb. 😳 of course I want the free bulb, who wouldn’t? Just a sneaky way for them to get out of having to give so many “ free”  bulbs away. Disappointed!  I have yet to set up my echo, our first purchase on any alexia device. Debating if we want to keep it. It did come quickly with my prime membership. It seems to work well.  Unfortunately a lot of the functionality is lost because, as many have mentioned, it does not work with google or Youtube any more.  This problem is caused by Google because they came up with their own devices an no longer allow access from other devices like these.  This even effected my smart TV.  Anyhow we purchased a few of these to communicate with our children and grandchildren so we'll see what happens when we hand them out. It does what it says it will do.  The picture quality is better than what I have been receiving on cable TV.  Only downside is if you pause the movie for more than a couple minutes it takes a long time to come back on and you often get a message that your internet speed is too slow (I'm clocking 300 mb at my house on a good day).  Also, voice command through Alexia doesn't work well, but that could be operator error.  All in all, for $20 you can't beat it. As a user of Chromecast for years I have to say that the Firestick is a nice upgrade. I really like that I can download all the apps for different media sources like HBO, Showtime, etc. that I have free access to from my cable account but with the Firestick I get a better picture and can go directly to the shows I want to see. The downside was the time it took to download all the apps and set them up, but the good thing is that the setup is a onetime procedure. My mom bought a few Echo Dots and repeated ask me to take one of hers because it was so great. I told her “no” for two days. When she made me take it, 6 hours later I could not live my life without it!  It’s that amazing, so now we have four large speakers and only the small Echo Dot, that I will be returning to her. I say if you’re going to order an Alexa speaker, go big and get the Echo, otherwise tou’ll Be returning the two Echo Dots you couldn’t live without. I'm an original purchaser of the Echo when they came out with a limited few in their test phase and I've always loved it. I expanded my Alexa usage by adding a few Echo Dots around the house and finally decided to jump and buy an Echo Plus. Let me tell you what, GREAT choice! As much as I love my original Echo, the Plus was an obvious upgrade immediately noticeable. The sound is great. And the fact that it's got a built in hub for the Philips Hue lights is a huge plus! Works great to control the TV lights and various other devices. Lately I've been using it when i wake up and don't know what time it is but don't want to open my eyes. Just shout out &#34;Alexa, What time is it?&#34; if i could just figure out how to get it to do house hold chores and walk the dogs it'd be golden! sound is not that great but with its size what can you expect. The Echo Plus has much better audio but that is what you get with the larger more expensive Echo. I am huge Amazon fan! First to have a kindle and the echo. I waited a bit on this but have wanted it for awhile. I do love it!! My kids love it! They love watching videos and the lyrics to the songs. Now the video calling feature is nothing like how the advertisement made it out. I thought as long as someone would FaceTime me I could do it through that and I can’t. It’s Spot to Spot. Can’t even Skype (which I do often with my aunt). The is my major disappointment with it. The sound quality is really quite good. I also have a Dot which is Bluetooth linked to a Grace Digital amplifier which is driving a couple of floor standing Snell speakers, obvious the floor standing speakers are better than this but not by much. My only complaint is that you can't customize Alexa hot words. Now that I have multiple Alexa devices there needs to be a way to direct an Alexa command to a particular device. I would like to be able to talk to a device by name. This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.   I love having Alexa around the house. My favorite features are her timers, alarms, and music. Especially her library of sleep sounds. I got this product as a gift for my kids, and they love her too. She is great for reading time, and timing 30 minutes for it.The only thing I really don't like, is that she HAS to be plugged in to an outlet to function. No ifs ands, or buts. I get why, but it is minorly inconvenient, as I have to move her from room to room, or purchase more. Lol This is my first digital assistant so I'm giving this a good review. Speaker is really good for the cheap price on Prime day. Fun to play with and can be used as an alarm clock (That's what I was going to get in the first place, but I ended up with Echo). If you haven't had a go with one then definitely try it!What I like best is the number of other devices that it can connect with. My purchase came with a Smart Plug for $10 which I connect my lamp to. Alexa, turn of the lights! Come on - it's amaonmazing!  It's way more than a smart speaker.  It's my wake-up alarm, my security blanket, and infotainment center all-in-one.  It's my connection to the world during night hours when I'm mostly sleepy or zonked-out Zzzzzzz...  I can still access the world without my reading-glasses late at night.  It sounds amazing for its size.  It can hear me when I'm far from awake (mostly).  As they say, &#34;this is a must-have device&#34;.  Yep, that is a true statement. So far the certified refurbished Echo Dot works well. It was a little confusing to have a green ring on the Echo Dot and not 100% know why it was there. Asked Alexa and she said it was because of a receiving a call or drop in. But that was not the case. Took about 10 minutes to figure out it was a notification that I had a delivery from amazon. I believe the ring is supposed to be yellow and pulsate for a message notification, but on my refurbished Echo Dot it was Green and pulsed. i had a couple of echo dots previously - bought these _SPECIFICALLY_ for the Ring doorbell video / cloud cam display / interface capabilities. WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. Love the fact that I can ask to see front yard / back yard / front door, etc.the video chat with the other rooms is also quite cool.BONUS: “Alexa show me Ant Man trailer, etc”i know this can all be done on laptop/desktop, but it’s cool now having an ‘appliance’ that’s always just there, and it doesn’t interrupt what i’m doing. We've owned a number of Echo devices, but have viewed them as more of a toy than a tool.  Other than playing music through a sound system, we haven't found much use for them.  We just don't find the voice user interface to be all that efficient.  The Echo Spot solves the efficiency problem by displaying the information that you're routinely interested in.  Furthermore, you can do some basic navigation using the touch screen as well as tailor the settings.  We now use these as bedside clocks. Thank God, and alarm clock with an lcd that gets dim enough for me to sleep. I'm a very light sensitive sleeper and wind up taping black tape over all my other stuff in my bed room. Not this guy. The Alexa features are nice and listening to music at night is great. We enjoy falling asleep to meditation podcasts though we have to use the skill anypod to get the podcasts we like. Video is kinda tiny and useless at this size but that's to be expected. Audio quality is much better than echo dot. After two weeks I am not sure if I like the ever present Alexa to have a screen as well.  I bought it to be a abay monitor combined with a wifi camera, and that works.  But the screen is always on unless you tell it to turn it off - instead of just a talking cylinder you now have a mini screen that not only talks to you but also writes out everything it says or shows accompanying video.  There is something about only audio that made Alexa different, no I some ways it is a TV that you can talk to. 